My town is a medium - sized city with eighty thousand inhabitants .
It has a high - density population because of its small territory .
Although it is an industrial city , there are many shops and department stores .
I recommend visiting the artificial lake in the center of the city which is surrounded by a park .
Pasteries are very common and most of them offer the special dessert of the city .
There is a commercial zone along the widest street of the city where you can find all kinds of businesses : banks , bars , chemists , cinemas , pet shops , restaurants , fast food restaurants , grocers , travel agencies , supermarkets and others .
Most of the shops have sales and offers in at least three months of the year : January , June and August .
The quality of the products and services is quite good , because there is huge competition . However , I recommend you be careful of fakes or cheats .
Everyone has his own plans .
Some people want to be a doctor , others want to be a teacher .
I have my own plan too , but I do n't want to be the same as them . I want to become a journalist .
Working as a journalist is very exciting for many reasons .
First , I will have an opportunity to live abroad .
Second , I can travel all around the world , and meet different people who are very friendly .
Next , I will have a chance to attend big parties or events and I can make friends with famous people . It 's interesting !
Finally , I will have a high salary when I am a journalist .
To be a journalist , I must study very hard , so I 'll try to learn in order to make my dream come true .
In the future , I 'll become a journalist .
Nowadays , each family has more than 1 car for each person , this is only one of several reasons why people use less public transport .
Before , it was really convenient to go by bus or by train , but with the new economy , the fares are more expensive and a big difference from the past is that it is less expensive to go long - distance than short journeys .
I remember to go from my town , Palermo , to Milan was about 340 pounds . Now , if we are lucky , we can get to New York .
In England , where I live , in Bedford , we use the train a lot to go to the most important towns in the UK , but the trains are very expensive . Me and my family are careful to go off peak because the prices are too high .
I 'm sure in the future there will be cars that are able to fly or you can park them in your pocket .
Furthermore , the biggest group of positive feeling students in the present is live with various nationalities .
The possible reason is these international students can not speak English fluently .
They usually lack language and can not start a debate .
It is restrict to argue .
On the other hand , they might want to safeguard the national image .
In order to give a good image and show the national parenting , our respondents tend to have a great pardon to other nationalities .
MORE THAN KEEP FIT !
Do you know about mountain biking ?
Perhaps you think it 's only a sport .
You 're wrong .
Carry on reading to know why !
I have been keen on mountain biking since three years ago .
First , I tried it with a rental bike in the area of Aznalcazar .
The main reason why I wanted to try it was to lose weight ( I was a bit overweight ) .
However , it was wonderful how I could admire the landscape while I was doing sport .
Consequently , I realized that although cycling outside helped me to improve my fitness , really I enjoyed most breathing fresh air and taking pleasure in the countryside .
If someone wants to take up this sport , first of all , I would recommended him or her to look for a good mountain bike .
It 's important to avoid accidents , be comfortable and have a good journey .
Secondly , he or she should buy a good helmet and , of course , appropriate clothing .
I love this sport . I look forward to the weekend to go out with my bike and my group of friends .
All of us have a good time .
And I would like to encourage everybody to try it .
Nobody will regret it .
Lucy Keyes
Lucy Keyes was the last thriller I saw .
I do n't recommend it to children under thirteen years old ,
because it 's difficult to understand ; for example , the characters are ,
Lucy , Molly , and their parents , a cowboy , and a teacher .
The movie is about Lucy 's family , who move into a farmhouse that is mysterious and
scary .
Also reflects a comparison of Lucy 's family , and characters
from a story their mom often reads .
The story actually takes place in a camp and a farmhouse , mysteriously
used in other times .
It 's interesting because Lucy 's mom discovered a wall in their farm , that
had a weird painting of two sisters just like hers , and the same ones too as the
story she read .
I recommend this movie only to teenagers older than thirteen years old ..
The best place for young people in our area is without doubt the lake .
Here they can do many kinds of sport : swimming , sailing , surfing , kiting , rowing and many others .
At least they can meet other folks and relax , sunbathe and listen to music .
In the summer around the lake , there are so many concerts that you have difficulty finding the right one .
Luckily , the schools are closed for ten weeks , so the young girls and boys have a lot of time to spend their
leisure time together .
Dear husband ,
I hope you 're fine .
I remember all of you and miss my family .
Leaving my country , Somalia , was very hard for me .
I miss my big house , but I do n't miss the guns .
I hope to return to my country and see you again .
In the following decades , revolution and civil wars smote many of the Powers of Europe , and new nations were born .
Britain alone escaped almost unscathed from these years of unrest .
There was an unparalleled expansion of the English - Speaking Peoples both by birth and emigration .
I really like to travel , but I like it most when I travel with friends .
I a very good experience .
I love to travel with my family .
Travelling with family is different to travelling with friends .
I do not travel so much with my friends .
I have only traveled two times .
Those two times were with the orchestra that I play in .
Once we went to Zacatecas .
We went there because the university orchestra from UAZ invited us to go there and play with them .
At that time , I did not know anybody , just one person .
Her name is irixhi .
She was my friend , because we are from the same town .
But when I was there , I began to make new friends that I never thought I would have , and I never imagined the way that I was going to know them either . At the beginning , I felt very strange talking with them , but now we are very good friends .
We stayed in Zacatecas for a week . We really had a good time .
The second trip that I made was to Guerrero .
We went to to Acapulco to play , to an event where universities from Mexico go and present cultural activities .
It was too hot there .
In Acapulco I had a good time because I stayed in the same room as my friends and we swam a lot and we really had fun .
Then we went to Taxco .
There we visited the central park and we stayed in a very luxurious hotel .
We were very happy there . We really liked Taxco .
Actually , I had already been there before , but not with my friends .
Then we went to Cacahuamilpa to play there . That was an incredible experience that I will never forget .
Then we returned to Toluca to continue with my boring life .
And now I have to pass my subjects .
We hope to go to Colombia next year .
I like biathlon .
Really , I think it 's a very beautiful , interesting and breathtaking kind of sport .
In biathlon , sportsmen need to run some races which are very different ; some of them are long , some are short .
But , the fact that it is short distance does n't mean it will be easy or anything like that .
Sometimes the weather conditions are not comfortable for guys . For example : wind , light fog or freezing temperatures . All of these are very difficult conditions .
So , it 's not so easy as it seems .
That 's why I like it .
This sport is for real men .
And also most of them are very attractive . A big advantage for girls , who like nice pictures .
There is no future for public transport , because travelling by car is so much more convenient .
That is what everyone says when we ask if they prefer public transport or car .
Using public transport can be difficult , because we have a strict time and , normally , we do not have a place to sit and that can be extremely uncomfortable .
Sometimes the staff go on strike and we customers do not know in time . As a result , we can not get to work on time . That is one of the disadvantages of using public transport .
One argument for not using the car is that petrol is very expensive , but public transport tickets are also increasing , so that advantage is not so good , actually .
For me , the car is the best . And you ?
Well , whatever your choice is , it must be perfect for your daily life !
Whatever you use , have a nice trip !
People usually tell me I 'm a cinema enthusiast , and they are right . I prefer to spend my free time watching a good film , especially when it is a thriller , rather than doing sport ,
If you want to see a good thriller , " Regression " will be your best option . I have seen it recently and , in my opinion , it should be seen by everyone , because I believe people would like it for many reasons .
First of all , the director , who was Alejandro Amenábar , did a great job because the viewers were waiting with bated breath to find out what the ending of this film would be .
Secondly , the actors were fantastic and the main character , who was played by Emma Watson ( who is really hilarious ) , was amazing .
What 's more , the plot is easy to understand .
The story took place in the USA a few years ago when the regression method was accepted by doctors and scientists .
In addition , the costumes , make - up and special effects the story .
However , the soundtrack was awful ; it did n't get having a scared .
In conclusion , my recommendation for the student film club is this fabulous and exciting thriller , which must be seen if you want to have a good time , given that it achieves keeping you in suspense until the end and it does n't be afraid .
In addition , you wo n't have a better opportunity to see it than this week , because just now in Spain the cinema festival is taking place .
You should take advantage of that !
In my opinion , public transport in my country will never improve , because my country is so poor and , besides , it is considered one of the Third World countries . And another thing that must be taken into consideration is that the politicians are horrible . They have destroyed my country .
When we ask ourselves how we can take care of the environment ,
the first thing that we think of is the pollution , the car exhaust , factory smoke , etc ... but , have we thought about food or clothes ?
Perhaps when we are shopping in the supermarket or other shops we are doing something bad , because we ask the assistant for a bag or something similar to carry this food or other things home .
We could bring a bag from our house , because if we do this every time that we are going to shop in each shop , we wo n't use more plastic or paper .
But we should n't forget the pollution cause by cars . We should use a bicycle or public transportation more .
Also , in the same way , we should walk to our destination .
If we are working with someone in the same job who lives near us or is our neighbour , we can go to work in the same car . This way we use less petrol .
The governments are also important for taking care of the environment .
They should have healthy habits and , by their example , they can improve the habits of the population .
I love sports but I do not get many opportunities to play a sport . I was born in a village in India . My parents are farmers like most other villagers .
The only playground in our village was the school ground which was full of small rocks and not good for playing any sports .
When I was a child I helped my father with his jobs after school .
We bought a television in 1888 . After that , I became a fan of cricket .
I watched most of the matches .
Sachin and Ganguly were my favorite cricketers . I love their batting .
A MISTAKE
It was the summer holidays and Michael 's family were at the airport waiting impatiently for their flight to Mexico .
That was a special family ; it was so big . His father has 6 brothers , so he has 17 cousins and his little sister .
In total , there were 32 people , a white kitten and a dog .
About 10 minutes later , they were starting to get bored , when they heard a girl calling them to board the plane .
The flight to Mexico was incredible , and very funny .
Michael usually had a great time with his cousins , except with Tom .
That was because Tom liked to give orders to everyone , and Michel did n't like that .
When the big family got off the plane , they realized that they were wearing too many clothes ; it was boiling ! !
Then they took a taxi to the hotel , and at 4 pm ,
the family was walking around the luxurious hotel .
Some minutes later , they designated how the cousins were going to share the rooms .
Michael finally ended up with the last one he would like to share with ; Tom .
That night , the dog , the kitten , Tom and Michel slept in the same room , and that was n't too bad .
When Michael got up in the morning , he realized that his kittten had disappeared , and he found Tom 's dog with some white hair in his mouth .
He thought that the dog had eaten the kitten during the night , so he shouted at Tom , opened the door and went away .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
One of the best restaurants I 've ever been to is Spizharka .
It is situated in the very centre of our city and offers a wide variety of dishes and drinks .
The service is really great .
The waitresses are helpful and smiling .
You feel like you are at home !
Warm candlelight and small tables with patterned table cloths create a friendly atmosphere .
The dishes are n't very expensive .
I believe it is suitable for our class
So , my favourite sport at the present time is street workout . I have been doing this sport for a long time already .
I like to exercise on the street even in the season when the temperature outside is below zero .
Of course , in summer , I like to exercise more than in winter , but this does n't stop me .
I do n't know why , but I go on the street almost every day in order to exercise .
If it is very cold and wind outside , I do n't worry about it and I exercise at home .
For those people who want to start to do the street workout , I advise you to start with basic exercises such as pull ups , push ups , dips and squats .
These are all basic exercises and they will help you make a good start .
After some time , when you feel that you are ready for more , you can start to do more difficult exercises .
So , it 's my first attempt to create English text !
I was quite self - confident a few months ago .
But not now .
What 's the reason ?
Because of mind .
I was n't satisfied with your behavior .
Sometimes , a lot of phrases and sentences run around my head , but how to write them down correctly ?
How can I use it ?
How can I force my kids to do their homework ?
How can I explain to them ?
Michael is a handsome and kind person .
He lives next to his family 's home .
Michael got married to his close friend only one month ago .
But his mother hated his wife and always shouted at her .
In contrast , his wife respected and loved his mother and never complained to her husband about these bad situations .
Michael 's only fault is that he is a mamma 's boy .
Because of this , he always defended his mother and always said the wife was the one responsible .
His wife decided , because she loved him , to forgive and apologize to her mother - in - law .
One day when Michael was out at work , his mother insulted and hit his wife .
Moreover , she fired her without her mobile or money .
His wife was sad and she cried a lot and she stood in the street waiting for Michael .
When he came , his mother asked him to up quickly , pretending that she was tired .
He saw his wife but said no words to her and continued on his way .
His wife walked behind him until they reached home but his mother claimed that his wife said cruel words to her and pretended that she was crying .
Michael believed his mother , although he observed bruises on his wife 's face .
He fired his wife after insulting her .
She was shocked and apologized for a mistake she did not commit .
But his mother refused her apology and ordered him to close the door .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
The light bulb .
The light bulb was created in 1879 by Thomas Alva Edison .
This was one of the everyday inventions that affects our lives .
Edison is said to have created the first commercially practical incandescent light .
He was neither the first nor the only person trying to invent an incandescent light bulb .
Some historians claim there were 20 other inventors of incandescent lamps prior to Edison 's version , but Edison is often credited with the invention because his version was able to outstrip the earlier versions because of a combination of three factors : " an effective incandescent material , a higher vacuum than others were able to achieve and a high resistance that made power distribution from a centralized source economically viable . "
( taken from www.bulbs.com )
Edison began serious research into the incandescent light bulb in October of 1878 , and his original design was in 1879 .
Edison and his research team made his discovery commercially and create a company called " Edison Electric Light Company " .
I think what this is the most useful invention because without this we ca n't live like we live these days .
Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately .
Tom , a friend of Peter 's suddenly fainted and fell down in the class room . I did n't know what to do immediately . First , I calmed myself down and I checked his pulse . It was okay . Then I knew that he was out of danger , so I called my classmates . Everyone came rushing to the spot , but still he was not moving , so we decided to take him to the hospital or call an ambulance . Finally we called an ambulance without delay .
Everyone was eagerly waiting for the ambulance 's arrival , but it still had not yet reached us . The reason was our college location is quite far from the city . That 's why it was late .
We were waiting patiently . Finally , the ambulance arrived and took him to the hospital immediately .
Recently I saw a very interesting announcement in International Sports Monthly magazine .
I was interested in whether I could write such an article and win a prize .
And I decided to try .
Nowadays , a healthy way of life is very popular with most people all over the world .
And as for me , I 've been going in for sport for several years .
What is my favourite kind of sport ?
It 's ordinary bodybuilding .
Why did I choose it ?
I want to be fit and have good health .
I lost several kilos and I could wear my favourite clothes .
It became possible for me to run easily .
I 'd like to give advice to everybody not to sit at home and watch TV .
Go to sports centres and gyms , be active and you will feel different .
You will forget about doctors and expensive medicine .
Sport is like drugs .
If you do n't have exercise for a long time , your body will feel something unusual .
Your muscles will be strong and you 'll be able to do any difficult job .
People will look at your figure enviously .
Describe your bedroom .
My bedroom is quite big .
The walls of my bedroom are white and the floor is dark grey .
In my bedroom there is a brown bed , a yellow chest of drawers , a little light brown bedside table and a big brown wardrobe .
On the wall there are some pictures of my family , but I do n't have any posters .
I live in São Carlos , in the countryside of São Paulo , in Brazil .
In my city , protecting the environment is so difficult .
First of all , we have an extinction area of cerrado close to the Federal University of São Carlos , but sometimes , the area is used to construct a new university building .
We have done several movements , but sometimes it has not worked .
Secondly , the council does n't care about the environment ; for example , the council stopped the garbage collection when the new mayor took over the council .
It demonstrated that the effort that was made in the last 10 years was over because of the new political position of the mayor .
It is so stupid because the environment needs to be more important than political positions .
Third , we have not founded a green policy to eliminate rubbish .
Instead of using selective collection of garbage , or recycling of materials , or a sanitary landfill , we have used a dumpfill that is contaminating the soil .
Finally , the population , most of the time , does n't matter to throw away garbage on the street or in a prohibited area .
In conclusion , in my city , concern for the environment 's protection is not working as it should for the protection of soil , environment and health .
The environment is our surroundings . There is no awareness in our locality . They are busy with their own work . No one focuses on or sees what is happening in our town . They usually speak about how hot it is today , but they do n't know what makes it this hot . I am interested in planting trees and making our surroundings clean . Some people used to burn the forest as if the forest is useless . Man is greedy because all the things we get from the forests are free .
They do n't care about the environment because it does n't give anything to them .
Management accounting practice is very important for an organization for making decisions about human resources , sales , marketing and potential customers .
Most organizations know how management accounting practice affects their work . Therefore , they choose good programmes and employees .
I was in the USA last year , first in order to look for a job as a pharmacist , but also , having a lot of time to explore a new world .
I spent about two years there , but I wanted to come back to Italy because I missed my home .
At first , I called a travel agent but he said he would n't be able to book me a flight for two months , so I called my brother who heavily regret me for not having told him about the trip , and he told me he would book a flight sooner than that good - for - nothing travel agent .
I believed him , but I did n't know how wrong I was .
He booked me the flight but he did n't pay for it , because at that moment he had n't got enough cash on him .
The worst thing was finding that out at the airport .
I had never felt so nervous !
The environment is always a hurting problem in the world .
There are company so much , they , they make our life polluted .
To take care of the environment , each of us has to do something such as propaganda to the people in the country . About my village , we use banana leaves instead of nylon , dispose of garbage sensibly ... and so on .
We should clean our area to attract visitors and introduce to many other countries in the world . Let 's protect our lung .
Hi , today I 'm gon na talk about myself .
My name is Abrar saeed Al - mubarak .
I'm 13 years old .
I live in Saudi Arabia(Riyadh ) , and I 'm in grade nine .
I have 9 sisters , with me we are 10 girls , and 9 brothers .
I really love learning English language & French language and Spanish language , and I speak Arabic .
My dear Daniel ,
Are you studying mathematics for your exam ?
I hope you pass it with a good grade !
I have just finished my lunch break , and before preparing everything to go to work , I was thinking of you and I wanted to give you a little surprise with these fantastic photos . I hope you like them .
With all my love
Victoria .
Dear Sir or Madam
I would like to apply for the job that you have advertised .
I 'm a happy , energetic person who likes to work with children .
I love young children .
I have worked in many kitchens before , and I have gained a lot of experience there .
Bye
Marisa
This summer several things happened to me . I went to the beach , I went to the pool , or simply went for a walk with friends , but the best thing was when I went to a wedding , because it was the event that brought me the most memories this summer .
We got there at five o'clock . We had not yet reached many people , so we took the opportunity to give the gift , which was a washing machine the finished clothing to reach the store , and apparently they were in need of a new one , as the bride loved .
Half an hour after we arrived , everybody started arriving , there were many greetings , thanks , hugs , kisses , and then we all went to the table , which was magnificently stocked , with plenty of food of all kinds , drinks , but we were all waiting for the main course . Also , the food was magnificent , but the best part was when the couple went to the pool . We were lucky they had an amazing wedding planner who arranged magnificent and fun activities . He said to the bride and groom that they should each get into an inflatable ball and try walking on the water for as long as they could , and the bride won because the groom slipped and fell after them , out of the ball , fell into the water , and kissed .
At four in the morning , after opening the presents , everyone started to leave . It was a long day and a lot of fun , but it could have lasted a bit longer .
I usually wake up at six o'clock in the morning , then I take a quick shower .
After school , I like to eat fresh fruit .
I am keen on running during the night time .
In my country people make a lot of mistakes and have a lot of bad habits concerning their attitude towards rubbish . They are always throwing their old things and rubbish away in public places . The government also can not do their role towards their people and their bad behaviour .
Once upon a time , there was a monster in a city called " Michenstain " .
Michenstain was a very tiny city . That was one bad thing for them ; the other bad thing was that in the city , there was a monster called " Monsteration " .
Monsteration was a very lively monster . He always migrated to the north every Monday .
In the day , he was a mild monster , he was very visible ( because he was big ) ; but in the night , he was the opposite . He killed people , destroyed complete cities ; he smashed all the architecture of the city , and did a lot of bad things .
One day , Monsteration 's next destination was the city of Michenstain .
None of the people knew what that was , so they did n't care about it .
But when he arrived in Michenstain , all the people went : " DAHMMMMMMMMMM " .
It was in the middle of the night when he arrived , so he was eager to destroy everything .
So all the people started to run and scream , and the monster was pursuing all of them .
He was spoiling all the people 's crops , he was destroying all the vehicles , and he destroyed a vast area .
The next day , he was a very attractive monster . In other words , he was undercover in another monster 's body .
He was completely different ; it was impressive the way he was acting .
The thing that he ( the monster ) did n't know about was that he had a spectacular infection ( literally spectacular ) that I think had no cure . It was called " The Monsteration Infections " .
( In those times , there were diverse monsters , but none of them was like him ; he was the number 1 of the monsters at destroying things . )
Scientists were trying to find a cure for the Monsteration Infections , but they still do n't have it .
In their laboratories , they had a lot of chemicals that were prohibited in their country , but they used them .
They had to isolate the chemicals to find the formula to have the cure .
Some scientists did n't care about the infection ; they were playing ultimate team on their iPods .
The scientists that were making the formula had a lot of tension , but finally , they did it and they said : " Magnificent " .
Well I 'd like to talk to you about my experiences as an English student for many years .
I 'm 56 years old and I 'm a chemist .
I have needed to use English a lot of times during my professional activities . For that reason I took some English lessons many years ago .
I can tell you that I feel I can understand over 90% when I 'm listening and when I 'm reading , but my main problem with English is , of course , when I have to speak . I fee terrible and without confidence . I think that I 'm always thinking in Spanish and then doing the translation into English . Maybe at this moment , while I 'm writing this composition , I 'm making the same mistake . I know that learning English is a long process , but I must follow that process because I 'd like to be an excellent bilingual person .
Currently , I 'm working as a teacher at the university and teaching in English is my goal .
I 'm a teacher of chemistry and math too .
I also work as a freelance worker with the same subjects because it is necessary to increase my income .
I 'm writing now without using a dictionary and doing this composition without translating from Spanish ( I hope hahaha )
I 'm sure I 'll have made many mistakes , but I feel good because I must write and write and write . I need to improve my English level . I must not feel bad if I want to finally learn English very well .
I hope you can help me understand more about how to improve my English level and develop my skills .
Thank you for your attention , and I 'll wait for your advice , ( this is my first time writing over 50 words )
Milton Morales
I like to work out on push up bars .
It is impossible not to love doing sports activity in the fresh air .
If you want to start working out , you should be ready for a big load on your muscles .
On Thursday , September 11 , the term exams finished and our week of vacation started .
In the afternoon , I went to my dance classes .
It was fun because we learnt a new hip hop dance and we finished our tap dance .
On Friday I went to the mall with my family .
I bought one sweater and two pairs of jeans .
Later I went to the book store and bought three books ; " Legend " , " Wonder " , and " Eleanor & Park " .
On the weekend I stayed at home . I started reading " Eleanor & Park " ; it was amazing . I laughed a lot because of the things that the characters said .
The other things I did were sleep , eat , and watch TV .
The next day , I went with my friends to see a movie .
We saw " If I stay " and I loved it .
The movie is about a teenager named Mia who had a car accident with her family .
Her father and her mother died before they got to the hospital .
Mia survived but she is in a coma and she has to decide if she wants to live without her mother and father or if she wants to die .
Later in the week , I spent the day drawing .
I drew a meadow , a little girl , and a butterfly .
The next few days I did n't do much .
I just slept and watched movies at home .
The day before I started school , I did an investigation for literature class .
This was what I did in my vacation . I did n't do a lot but I loved my vacation .
Hello Jo , my name is Mirko .
I 'm from Mramorak .
Serbia is my country where I have been living for 24 years .
If you would like and wish to come here my best advice is to stay at home .
Maybe you can bring some money and spend it on something fun .
Best wishes .
Mirko .
As per today 's topic , " No Future for public transport " , I would like to add comments on that . Please be patient , as my English is not as good as you readers think .
So , let 's start .
Most of the Metro cities are nowadays attract city - dwellers towards the Metro , not only because of the fare , but because of the time that it saves .
Nowadays , the public do not like to travel on public transport to save time as well as money .
The Metro is even good for the health of the people as there is no pollution because it runs on electricity and it also connects most of the city . As Delhi has a wide area span of Metro that is really awesome .
Other than that , public transport is also not good for natural resources , which is not good for the future of the country .
If you visit Taiwan , you ca n't miss the temples here .
There are so many temples here .
So , now there is a chance for you to play the god .
Jiu - Tian Folk Arts Group is a group of people who are good at our traditional performance , which is " imitating the faces and posing as gods " .
Here , they will teach you how to draw the face of god , dance like god , and beat the drum .
Curious ?
Just come and give it a try !
I think paying expensive taxes on personal cars could reduce the use of cars or other vehicles in order to solve the traffic problems .
Because all people like money , for example , many people do n't buy a car with expensive tax , so people have to use public transportation , such as buses , the subway , etc .
Public transportation will rich , so we can build more stations for suburban and more public car to carry this .
Therefore , the traffic will be better .
Dear Sir / Madam
I am applying for the position in the USA Summer Camps to work this year .
I am 29 years old , and originally from Brazil .
I am an English student and I have been studying for five years , and recently , I passed the FCE , which is a well recognised certificate .
In 2010 , I graduated in electronic engineering .
From June to September of 2013 , I worked for a tourism company . My position involved looking after groups of people going to England . This previous experience makes me suitable for the job advertised .
In addition to this , personally I am really helpful , exciting , cheerful and committed .
I do sports such as football , basketball and chess , and with these skills , I could help children have fun while teaching them all the benefits of doing sport .
In applying for the job offered , I am willing to work in all different sorts of jobs . I do not mind which , as long as I have the opportunity of being in the USA , as English is my passion .
To sum up , I feel rather confident to assume this position and thank you for considering my application .
Yours faithfully ,
Alessandro Costa .
I think public transport is very important .
There is no way to travel from Egypt to the USA using a car .
A plane may take about 16 hours .
A car may take days or months for the same distance .
I am really overwhelmed to be the third member of my small family- Peter , Maria , both of whom are my parents of 45 years of age and my little brother , Patrick-14 years old in a mischievous manner .
Their gentle norm with lovely and adorable minds are a reference to their hobbies - reading .
Nowadays a person 's worth seems to be judged according to social status and material possessions . This mostly happens in high class families , as they focus on achievements like power , political influence etc . On the other hand , for middle class families the old - fashioned values are still important as they are inherited from our ancestors in terms of values like honesty , kindness , loyalty , etc .
The metro is the most comfortable means of transportation in Moscow .
The metro is the only one that I use in the city .
Using overground transportation is not comfortable because of the traffic .
Just a few years ago , we started to use a special road line .
But the problem is , Russian drivers are not used to keeping this line free .
Moscow traffic is awful .
Everyone is in a hurry .
There is no difference if you use a car or the bus .
For example , American public transport has a special line and a schedule and it works like a train . I mean it comes at an exact time , like a train .
That 's my dream " when I joined the faculty of languages and translation I was very happy because I had achieved my dream .
In this faculty , I faced some problems with my English . I began to ask " How can I improve my English ? "
all of the answers were , " you have to listen and read so you can write and speak well " . I said okay I have to depend on myself . I began to join groups on Facebook where I found some of the people shared their knowledge with others . I followed them immediately .
I am on my way to improving my English . I ask Allah to guide me to the right way .
My dream is that I want to open a Center for Language Learning ,
to teach children and adults in my country good English , and I want to avoid traditional education .
The best thing that can encourage me to open this center is that I have 5 friends in my country who study in the faculty of languages and translation and I think that they will be very happy about joining me in my center .
I know that is a really amazing dream , but I pray to Allah to give me all the means to achieve my future dream .
Alex , I and my friends are going to the cinema at the weekend .
Would you like to join us ?
We are going to see an action movie .
If you want to join us , we can meet in Ambasodor mall in the city at 7 p.m.
Public transport has no future . The crisis in 2008 has reduced oil prices , The oil is cheap now and new cars are more efficient and the government give incentives for consumers .
One day in October , Michael , a boy who was studying architecture discovered a box with a message . While he was opening the box , he heard a door open .
At that moment , a big man came into the bedroom .
This man was his father , who was dead .
Michael was very agitated and confused because he did n't understand anything .
He spoke with his father and he asked him why he was there , and his father replied that he had the biggest secret about his family .
" In the past , Matilde , your mother , killed your brother , but she had a reason . He was a monster because he killed a lot of people in our city , so we went to another city . "
But Michael did not believe this story and he thought that he was crazy .
This situation was impossible because his father was dead and , at that moment , he ran and opened the door and his father said " You must stay here , because I must speak with you more and explain why I can speak with you " . But Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Dear Mrs Ashby ,
I want to work in your cafe .
I like a lot of food and drink .
I worked in a cafe last year in my country . I can work long hours .
Sincerely ,
Tracy
How are you ?
Today we received a shipment from Visual service center under our old account number . It could be a mistake by the service center as a notice regarding major organizational restructure has already been sent to service centers .
In the issued notice , it clearly states that all defective parts should be sent to Slovakia with effect from 01/06/2015 .
If any more shipments are returned using our old TNT account number , there is no option other than to invoice the service center for not following instructions .
So , please advise all service centers to return defective parts to Slovakia instead of England .
Nowadays , sport is a very important part of our life .
Many doctors recommend the practicing of sport , because it is very healthy for our bodies and for our minds .
Every day , there are many articles and news items that talk about the benefits that you get if you practise sport .
My favourite sport is swimming , because as soon as you start this sport , you feel better .
Even if you do n't lose weight , you can gain endurance and flexibility .
When I am in water , I feel free and very hastily .
Not only is sport when you feel sweaty , but you also do a lot of exercise .
However , you do n't have the feeling that you are very tired . It is different , at the same time , it is fantastic !
My advice that I would give to someone starting my favourite sport , swimming , is that you need a little willpower , because sometimes , for example in winter , you will not want to go to the gym , let alone get in a pool !
My other advice is that I am absolutely sure that you will feel wonderful and happy ! May be not the first time , but definitely later .
I promise you that it will be this way .
In conclusion , sport is absolutely necessary and useful for you to be able to improve your life .
Start and then you can explain to me how you are .
About Me
Hi my name is Christian but my friends call me Chris .
I am 13 years old , my birthday is the 13th of July .
I was born on Friday the 13th ; that 's funny .
I was adopted from South Korea .
I like to play football and floorball , I also like to be with my friends and it 's also fun to play video - games .
I am good at floorball and not as good at football .
Sometimes I play golf and I think it 's pretty fun . I like to be out in our sail boat .
I have 1 sister . Her name is Tina . She is annoying .
She 's 9 or 10 years old . I do n't really know .
I like being in Thailand because it 's nice and warm and the people there are very nice , I also like the food . I do n't like homework but I do n't forget it . I am good at teasing my little sister and I am proud of it .
I have also got a cat . Her name is Chelsea . My favorite food is fillet of beef , scallops and maybe sushi .
I am looking forward to Friday when I am going to the cinema with my friends . We 're going to see " Let 's be cops " .
My favorite is Narnia .
I do n't like Narnia , but my favorite movie is probably 22 Jump Street , Lord of the rings , the tv - show Suits , The Walking Dead and maybe South Park and Family Guy .
I am good at floorball and not as good at football .
Sometimes I play golf and I think it 's pretty fun , I like to be out in our sail boat .
I do n't like to read but I like music , good music .
I like a lot of artists and a lot of different music genres .
I like everything from pop , electronic , hip - hop to calm music .
I watch a few tv - series , but I watch them on the internet , so I am not trying to time the clock to see an episode .
I like the restaurant we ate at when we were on a ski - vacation in Champoluc .
Hi , my name is Elliot and I like TV games and Lego .
I also like to speak English but I ca n't speak it at home because my little brother just says " stop talking English " when I speak English .
I know that I have not written it but I have a brother .
He is 9 years old and he is really good at saying what he wants all the time .
I mean when he wants something he just says give me that .
I have two parents , like most people .
My mum 's name is Jenny and my dad 's name is Rikard and they are the best parents I know .
I do n't know so many parents , but whatever .
I like books too , but I ca n't read so well , so I do n't read very hard books with hundreds of pages .
I read books like DIARY of a Wimpy kid or like Percy Jackson .
I like to speak English at school too , but my friends do n't like it when I speak it in school , so I speak Swedish there .
My favourite lessons are the Swedish lessons because I like to write stories .
My best friend 's name is Viktor and he is really fun and I like him .
My family lives in a
Hi Daniel ,
How are you ? I am going to describe myself so you will be able to recognize me when we meet at the train station .
I am tall , around 2 meters , with black hair and blue eyes .
I will be wearing a white T - shirt and yellow shorts .
I will be at the train station at 7 o'clock and I will be waiting for you at gate number seven .
Kind Regards ,
Rafael
I would like to describe my brother Rishabh Bantwal in this letter .
He is 24 years old and he looks very similar to me .
He likes to play guitar in his free time and likes to go out with friends .
Nowadays , we are in the age of the internet .
A flat world is created by the internet .
We can get knowledge more easily and we learn more easily , too .
This is the power of information technology .
The social networks , such as Facebook , Twitter , Instagram , Google plus ... are connecting us to more and more friends , companies , public figures , books , films , social organizations ... . We really have a lot of things to see , to think , to " like " , to " comment " on and dozens of other ways that we can make an action to interact with others . So , maybe it is true that we have less time to think about ourselves , to take care of our health .
They help us to communication with the world and we have only twenty hours a day . We know more things but we lose more time for many other interesting things .
But it just happen in the information technology and related fields such as : communication .
On the other hand , we still have a lot of other technologies to create a lot of useful machines , on - side services to make our life better and better day by day .
Transportation helps us go abroad more quickly , even go into space on a tour .
It is amazing for you , if you have enough money , to pay for that tour .
We feel more happy , comfortable and refreshed after something like that .
Biotechnology gives us more food .
Chemistry gives us more tablets .
Yes , we are solving many problems with our technology for our feeling , our health and our finances , too .
You can join any stock market in the world to buy some Google stocks and sell some Facebook stocks too , and earn some money .
You take the world in your hands with technology to make your life better and better actually , but it is not full that it will good , let keep it with your needs , your time and your money too .
How can I help the environment ?
How can a group of friends help the environment ?
This year me and my friends are going to help Parque Corgo from the recent forest fire .
We are worried that if the trees do n't get planted soon they will never grow again .
That is the reason why we are going to plant 1000 trees there .
Egypt has a lot of historical places , such as the pyramids , and is the one of the empirical in the world and a lot of people from around the world come to see these pyramids . the wold think about how the Egyptian people made these buildings maybe a thousand years and they still stand without change and a lot of tourists come to take photos in the pyramids and study the stone and how the old Egyptians made them without modern tools such as cranes and other modern machines . A lot of scientific teams come from all over the world to study these buildings and conduct Egyptian science in a lot of universities around the world , to study how the air goes inside these buildings and how it keeps the food inside it and how these big stones were taken from distant places and brought to this place and how this building kept the bodies of people after they had died and how these people live inside the buildings and why these buildings are like this and what the benefit of these buildings is and how to make kike this building .
Public transport has improved regional development in the past decade . It 's convenient and necessary for city life .
But when it comes to travelling , it 'll be more convenient if you have a car , because you will not want to go where everybody goes .
If you have a car , you can go anywhere you want and stop by any beautiful spot you like .
It 's more flexible for your travel plan .
And , there 's really enough development on our planet . It would be better if we could leave some place empty , we do n't need so much convenient transportation , and we can still live well .
Save some nature for the earth , and leave clean air for our kids .
Build public transport in a city , not in the country .
My favorite sport is Cricket .
It is a very important and very enjoyable game .
Today , cricket is a very famous game in the world .
Cricket is very famous in Sri Lanka .
We could go to in the world from cricket .
It is really great .
Today we have cleverer cricketers and more famous umpires than other countries .
It is very valuable .
Australia , England , South Africa and New Zealand are very famous countries for cricket .
But those countries are very developed and they have many facilities .
But Sri Lanka is a developing country still .
We have no facilities like other countries .
But Sri Lanka 's cricket team won the World Cup in 2014 .
It is very important opportunities in our country .
So I think I can enjoy cricket more than other games .
You can start playing cricket game .
And you can earn more money and you can go to other countries .
Today we have lots of sports .
Volleyball , netball , Elle , table tennis , Karate , etc .
But they are not famous and we ca n't go to everywhere in the world .
But cricket is very famous and we know many cricketers .
We can be famous and earn more money .
Cricket is better for our health than other games .
In my opinion , cricket is best for you . You could be a good cricketer .
You do not what to do ?
Are you a tourist ?
Are you lost in the city without knowing what to do ?
If I am right , continue reading this .
We have a lot of shopping facilities , that is the good thing about living in a big city like Madrid , because we have a lot of different shops including clothes shops , pet shops , food shops , shoe shops , accessory shops , toy shops , present shops and any more types of shops that now I can not remember , but you can find almost all you want or you need . Is n't it incredible ?
But for some of them you have to search very thoroughly because some of the shops are unique and some others are very well hidden , but for that you have specialized transport that will take you to wherever you want or you need to go .
Hi ,
You wo n't believe what I did last month !
I worked backstage at a rock concert !
It was such a great experience for me .
I applied to a music club in our city and I was really excited when they replied and asked me to help , because I enjoy going to rock concerts and I was truly curious about how the backstage works .
What was my job ?
Mostly I helped others and carried stuff .
I enjoyed working with a soundmaster so far .
It was quite stressful but at the end of the concert the atmosphere was amazing .
People were singing and shouting - they all seemed to be really happy .
I hope I will do that again sometime .
See you around
Steve
Hi Jo ,
It 's really nice that you are asking me about it .
Poland is really beautiful and you choose it wisely .
I suggest that you can start your trip from Warsaw .
It 's the heart of Poland and you will learn everything about work , education and people here .
Every big city in Poland is very similar to the others .
If you want to relax you can also go to the mountains or sea .
Even there , you can meet really nice people and talk with them .
But let 's talk about working there .
We appreciate kind and hard - working people .
But you ca n't expect that they are going to pay you a lot of money .
Rate is pretty low .
But there is a chance that you can meet generous people .
Take care
Ola
Hi Paty .
I 'm going to tell you about me .
My name is Agustina López . I was born in 1999 on 12th April .
I 'm fifteen years old .
Last year I celebrated my fifteen party and I loved it very much , ( I want to celebrate it again ) .
This year is my sixteenth birthday and I 'm going to celebrate at home , with my family and some friends .
I love to do many things like sleeping , going dancing with my friends , going to the beach , cinema , shopping center , running , and I love fashion very much , like shoes , make - up , bags and clothes .
This summer was the best . I went to Cuchilla Alta with my best friends . Their names are : Emilia , Agustina , Micaela and Lucía .
I have a great time with them .
I also went to piriapolis with my family and all the days .
I went to the beach . We loved it .
I like English because it is very important to know other languages to communicate with other people and if I go to another country it is very important to know English .
I think that it is very interesting and I like it .
Dear penfriend ,
Hello , how are you ?
I hope this letter finds you well .
I am very well and everything is all right .
Well , I am writing to tell you about my last summer .
I had a really nice experience working in a cinema . I would n't have done it if my friend Lucy had n't encouraged me .
The staff were really interesting and helped me all the time and the customers were kind all the time .
I learnt lots of things , such as dealing with money and tickets and watched movies for free .
We got to work at four in the afternoon and it was very relaxing . I had a day off when I spent time at home or going to the gym , where I met handsome guys .
This summer was really great .
I recommend you to try this kind of job if you want to earn extra money and also meet new people .
Lots of hugs and kisses . Please write soon
Love
Giselle
In this essay I would like to highlight how a wide range of public transport can help people to save a bit of money and a lot of stressful hours stuck in traffic jams .
First , as everybody knows , the cost of fuel is increasing more and more . Adding to that the bills that owning a car will bring , it becomes immediately clear that it is cheaper to get around by public transport .
Why then are there still so many people who prefer to drive their own car instead of sitting comfortably on the train or on the tube reading their favorite book on their way to work ?
I would say that this is because the public transport is not so efficient as it should be .
In my town , for example , I have waited for up to forty minutes before I could get a bus .
I strongly believe that it is a shame because a lot of people like me would leave their vehicles at home and take a train instead .
Secondly , the environment would improve . As far as I can see , the pollution caused by traffic is ruining monuments and making the air dirty and heavy , the same is true as far as waste of time is concerned . Obviously , the fewer cars there are around , the quicker you can get where you want to go .
In conclusion , I would really like politicians who care about public transport to improve the services so that more people could leave their vehicles at home and get around much more easily .
The problem is that if everyone thinks that traveling by car is convenient , absolutely everyone will go everywhere by car , and the roads will become chockablock .
You see , man , I do n't like crowded roads , a nd prefer to travel by tram .
It is cheap and eloquence .
I have been playing basketball on weekends since I was little .
I also like to play baseball , too .
I play basketball and baseball like there is no tomorrow .
I usually play baseball with a group of my friends .
I play with them in the playground .
I ca n't imagine life without sports .
In today 's society .
The most people travel by car , because the public transport is not convenient for people to use .
Maybe , in fact , the lands are bigger , so that the transport had not published to anywhere .
The general transport facilities can be divided into three types .
On the land , the railroad and highway are the path through most city roads .
On the sea , including the and port facilities .
In the sky , including airplane flights and airport facilities .
Transport facilities and economic development have a close relationship , and utilized of land is more important .
The development of the railroad and highway are easy to pulished , but the construction of seaports and airports must with congenital condition .
When integration of the economy and land planning are accomplished , the public transport facilities will be convenient for people to use .
I am going to write about how life is going to change in the next 50 years .
Although we do n't realise it , we have to be conscious
that every day is a different day if we compare it with the one that has just passed .
Some years ago , we did n't use technology to get in touch with friends and family , but nowadays it 's the most important thing for
some people who ca n't live without it .
I am speaking about the mobile phone and how it changed our life .
It 's normal
that in the next 50 years it is going to change .
There will be more advantages in general and it will give us a lot of good things , but maybe some bad things too .
To sum up , although we do n't want our life to change , it is normal that it will undergo different changes .
It is necessary for our lives to have or to feel that we are getting better .
My favourite sport is chess because it is the only game for your mind .
It also helps us in our studies .
I agree that it 's not a physical exercise but a mental one .
There are many physical exercises , like swimming , but name any game except chess that makes our minds sharp .
I like many other games , but the best one is this .
I am not saying that we should always play chess , as physical activities are also important .
The reason why I would recommend someone this sport is that children who are not interested in their studies or would not be able to study .
In that case , chess would help him . It would make the child 's mind sharp and he would not get distracted by his surroundings .
Local transportation is one of the most serious problems in our area .
The local transportation has become difficult and expensive ,
so the government must take action to make it easier .
Public media also must educate people in the importance of local transport and how they can preserve it .
The government must save gasoline and jazz to solve the problem .
They must find a solution to this difficult problem .
They must maintain the roads .
People also have an important role in solving this problem .
They should conserve energy by using buses instead of using their own cars .
They can also walk or ride a bike .
The government must maintain the public transportation and make it safe .
We can solve this problem if we want to .
I thought that writing an article on my favourite sport would be interesting for the readers . Above all , and regardless of the sport you have chosen , it is paramount to do some sport , whatever sport you choose , such as spinning . That is my favourite sport .
My piece of advice for taking up a hobby , in this case a physical hobby , which is good for your health .
I rather enjoy spinning , feeling the rhythm of the music louder and louder . This gives me high energy each time I go spinning .
If you want to start doing some sport , first of all , think about how much time you are willing to spend on it , then try once and if you have a good time , go ahead and make the most of your time enjoying the sport . Nevertheless , be careful and go slowly because you might be injured .
The more sport you do , the better you feel . Indeed , your mood will not be blue anymore and your body will be thin and gorgeous .
First of all , my opinion is that there is a future for the public transport systems .
If we take a look at the Swiss public transport system , in the bigger cities , almost all people go to work by public transport .
The advantages they get are the following : they do n't have to look for parking possibilities , they can leave the bus or the train and a few minutes after they can begin to work .
These people also help to protect the environment by saving natural resources like petrol .
To conclude , in bigger cities like Bern or Zurich there is no doubt that the public transport system would be less inconvenient than travelling by car .
The process for making bank notes can be outlined in six consecutive steps .
First , the bank notes are considered how to design , including background colour , artwork and security issues .
Then , they are prepared by skilled machinists .
Subsequently , the sheets of bank notes are printed on the metal plates .
The notes have special ink with colour on both sides , which raises images slightly .
The most important step is inspecting the notes to see which are good quality sheets and which are bad sheets .
If the sheets are good , those sheets are then cut into separate bank notes and packed into cars in order to be dispatched all over the city .
If the sheets are bad , those sheets are then destroyed by burning .
Sport is a very important part of a healthy lifestyle .
It keeps our bodies strong .
Today we have a lot of different sports , so we can choose something that really suits us .
I enjoy running .
It is the kind of thing that anybody can do and it affects all parts of the body .
I literally feel stronger after every time I run .
There is no doubt that traffic adds to pollution .
Public transport offers a possible solution to the problem , because many people can be transported in one vehicle .
The government has a responsibility to encourage the public to use buses and the underground more .
However , there are a number of changes that need to be considered .
Firstly , public transport should be made free .
The government should raise taxes to pay for the service .
Cars are generally more expensive .
First , I think public transport is more expensive .
And if we compare the money you spend on a car and the amount that you spend on public transport , it is less .
Secondly , if you use a car , you do n't have to wait a long time to catch the bus or the train , and maybe you can arrive late for work in this situation .
I believe that using your car has a lot of advantages or benefits . It is more comfortable and less expensive .
Last summer I worked at a cinema . I think it is a very good job because you can see any films you like for free .
The drawback of this work is the very big salary and I think that I will work at this cinema next summer .
My favourite sport is yoga .
I do yoga to aid relaxation .
Yoga calms and vitalizes body and mind .
I do yoga at least one hour every day .
From Monday to Friday , I do it at home . At weekends I attend yoga classes .
Yoga is a very convenient sport .
We can do it at any time we like .
But if you are a beginner , it 's better for you to attend regular yoga classes .
You can learn correct postures in classes .
After doing it skillfully , you can do it at home or any place .
People 's lives will change dramatically in the next 50 years . Equipment and tools have evolved since the beginning of human history .
In recent decades , however , developments have been particularly groundbreaking . Man has been able to invent machines which have been put to work . Automation is a great help to mankind , because it significantly increases the standard of living and frees people from hard work .
The result is much less work and a better life .
The disadvantage , however , is that , because of the machines , many people have lost their jobs .
Dear Jo
I read your letter . I would like to know some details about what places you want to visit .
I advise you to visit Queretaro . It has had an excellent service for foreign people since five years ago .
Talking about your new job , I was searching for some vacancies . However , they required a full - time worker , so I am going to continue searching for some part - time jobs .
See you when you arrive in Mexico City
Sincerely
Uriel
Nowadays , people are constantly on the move .
Is it better to use public transport or private transport ?
Well , ecologists say that getting around using public transport is more beneficial for the environment than using a car or motorbike .
In recent years , the numbers of people who use public transport has increased a lot , in comparison with ten years ago .
But does it actually have a future ?
It 's more comfortable , faster and preferable to having to run to catch a bus , wait for a train , etc .
This is a fact which indicates that there is no future for public transport in our society .
Other signs are , for example , if you travel by car , you can park the car in front of the place where you want to go .
But if you take the bus , you have to get off at a bus stop , which may be a bit far from where you want to go .
Also , it has to be said that maybe in the future , technology will create a car that does n't pollute the air , and then , using public transport wo n't be necessary .
yeah I think this statement is quite right because every person have a car nowadays .
Transport is important , but a car is more reliable for families if they travel together without waiting for transport .
It is more flexible and a lot of fun for a family .
I live in a city named Tangerang . It is in Indonesia .
The Indonesian government itself does n't seem to give a damn about their country 's cleanliness , and do neither the citizens .
This has caused our river some big problems , such as disease , unpleasant smells , floods , etc .
I myself , seeing the river filled with garbage , always seem to be disgusted by the stench and the unpleasant appearance of the garbage .
And in Tangerang , the air is polluted by carbon dioxide and other chemicals .
And also , besides the river , the road in the city is also polluted by garbage .
Garbage everywhere .
The condition of my country is really critical , I think .
And the amount of the city 's parks does n't match the amount of the population and pollution in the city .
There are a lot of high - rise buildings and it causes flooding along the high - rise buildings ' section .
I wonder if the citizens in my country and town could make a better environment by throwing garbage away in the correct place and trying using eco - friendly transportation .
And government , please do n't be so flabby with your own citizen .
Yes , be strict .
I think it 's okay because the purpose of you doing that is to train the citizens to be more responsible for what they do . And I think that 's enough from me .
I suppose the government have also studied this situation .
But they did n't do that much after finding out this truth .
I hope the Indonesian government take action regarding this situation because , if it continues , then Indonesia will be the most unclean country over the other countries .
Alison read the note , smiled , and immediately put on her coat .
She looked happy and she was looking forward to finishing the class to tell her friends what had happened .
After the class , Alison joined her friends .
She was very enthusiastic and telling them that Juan , the boy who she had fallen in love with , had written a letter to her .
Then the friends could not fail to pay attention to Alison 's words .
She read the letter with a lot of passion , because it was obvious that Juan was interested in Alison too .
While all the girls were listening to Alison , Juan appeared as a gosh .
Alison went red as a beetroot and all her friends laughed at her .
The boy felt very embarrassed , so he carried on on his way and he did not say anything to her .
Alison always thought : " If I had not told this story to my friends I would have spent all evening with Juan "
I think that there is a future for public transport , because over time the gasoline prices and the cost of the repairs to vehicles increase .
Like with other things , prices increase , from food to clothes and home supplies , gas , water , electricity . Then people choose public transport in the future .
My relaxing activity
Swimming has always been my favourite sport .
I used to go to the swimming pool when I was at school to learn to swim and it became my favourite activity when I was really tired .
I was with my sister and my friends and I had a wonderful time .
Nowadays , I usually go swimming twice a week and I really enjoy swimming because I can chill out and disconnect my mind .
Moreover , it is said to be healthy and improves problems with the back , so going swimming is really beneficial for me .
Recently , I found a gadget to listen to music while I am swimming and it is marvellous because I also love listening to music .
For beginners in this sport I would recommend that a trainer teaches swimming properly because it is very important to pay attention to the position of the arms .
Furthermore , it is necessary to wear glasses .
Swimming is one of the best sports to do because it requires all parts of the body .
For this reason , it is a perfect activity to do sport and enjoy yourself .
There are lots of problems in our life .
For example , transport .
There are lots of kinds of transportation like buses , cars , subways , trains or taixs .
May Maybe they are comfortable , terrible , , dangerous or average .
If you are late , you can use the subway because it is faster , safer and cheeper .
Cars and buses become dangerous and cause problems in the street .
My view of eating habits .
Why does our brain think about food every day ?
Why do we have a fridge in every single home ?
Why ..... ?
Every day people think about fresh food , fast food , sweet food and many different types of food . Why ?
Are you thinking that emotional eating is your bad habit ?
How often do you open your fridge ?
How many times do you go shopping for some snacks ?
What happened to us ?
I remember that my childhood was very quiet and happy around dinner at grandmother 's house .
Really , I tell you that I was , like , a little bit future girl who has dinner regularly with two portions : soup and meal deal .
So we can start from the beginning : first , was breakfast , which included some cereals with hot milk .
Second , was lunch at school with something like a sandwich and some fruit .
Later I was at home at dinner time and had some dessert .
Can you see how easy and regular a life I have got .
My " private menu " included fresh food like salad , fish , fruit and vegetables - many options and healthy food .
Now , I am a 28-year - old woman who does n't have time for normal dinner because I 'm very busy .
Today , I wake up at 07.00am and grab some kind of bread with jam , drink a coffee , but more often than not , just have time for half a mug and run to work .
During the day , I have lunch , which is from a can or order some junk food .
Later , I order take away from a Chinese buffet or a pizza .
When the weekend comes , I have a plan for a special dinner which is home made , but do n't have time again .
What happened to my healthy life which I wanted to have when I was a child ?
Why does everything look more difficult and harder than it was before ?
Where is our free time and what are you doing with your lifestyle ?
Ten years showed me that I can do everything for myself if it is enough for me ....
Alison read the note , smiled , and immediately put on her coat .
She went to the train station and got a ticket to London .
She stood there and read the note again . The address was near to Big Ben .
When the train came she smiled and got on and sat down .
She turned her head and saw him . " He was following me " , she thought . " Well , I should ask him what he is doing here " .
" What are you doing here " asked Alison . He looked at her but with a bad smile , and turn his head .
First of all , finishing high school is a rite of passage that indicates the beginning of a new chapter for students .
From this moment , they will have maturity and responsibility .
However , many of them are not ready for this .
So , a lot of parents and students have the opportunity to travel for a year .
When you are travelling around the world by yourself , you gain a lot of knowledge , culture , discoveries and , with all of this , you gain personal experience .
Sometimes , this can change a person , making her or him have a new perception of the world .
However , some students do n't have this opportunity to travel ; they start to work .
The job provides , like the trip , responsibility and experience .
It changes the person in a different way too .
The consequences are n't good as the reasons , for instance , they may have the career prejudicate , or they spend so many years travelling that they are too old to study at a university .
Besides that , they have different points of view on many subjects , that is why they may not like the fun and the conversation in the social life with other students .
They can not enjoy this chapter with young and fresh thoughts .
Finally , to make a decision to not go to a university when you finish high school is n't the easiest action to take .
It is a big decision , that brings great consequences and great experiences .
Whatever the choice is , it will leave a mark on their lives forever .
Be careful and choose well .
Public transport is the backbone of a city .
Usually people use public transport to travel around the city .
If in a city people use public transport more than their own private vehicle , then it will help to protect the environment and ease traffic as well .
But nowadays , automobile companies are more focused on the improvement of cars so that they can be more environmentally friendly and traffic friendly .
The future of public transport will be measured on the basis of the advancement of the private vehicle .
Sometimes people get offended because of the crowd and the inconvenience caused by some people while using public transport .
But the main concern will be technology .
Technology is becoming more advanced .
A car is being made that is so eco - friendly and user - friendly that it is more
Many people say that , at school , all students have to start a sport and do it regularly .
It is not a good idea because some students have to study all afternoon for other subjects and free time is very scant .
As an example , if a student needs to recuperate a subject or has to get a good mark , they ca n't go to do a sport because there is no time .
In contrast , doing a sport is very important because we can make new friends or we can start to take responsibility , but the most important thing is that we are always active so our body can get good results .
To sum up , doing sports is very important for teenagers , whose bodies are growing , and doing it regularly is a commitment that we should make . In my opinion , however , doing a mandatory sport is not educational because we must do a sport with enthusiasm , not bothered or out of obligation .
Dear Sir ,
I 'm writing with regard to the watch Fossil FS4735 , which is similar to FS4812 but with different colours .
I saw it a couple of days ago and I was going to buy it , but it has disappeared from your
products list ( I suppose it has been sold out ) .
However , I wonder if you could tell me when it
will be available again ?
Thank you in advance for the information .
Yours faithfully
In my opinion , they are not my friends . If your parents were your friends , you would live in harmony with them .
They would consider you as an independent person .
Accordingly , you would take responsibility for what you did .
However , they are not my friends .
There are some reasons why they are not , as follows .
First of all , I make every effort to do my job better , but , they only consider that I waste my time doing the wrong thing .
Next , they do n't believe my skills are good .
I do everything , but nothing .
Finally , they totally do n't listen to what my point is .
They always look at me like I 'm a kid who never grew up .
It is ridiculous that my parents do n't believe in my ability .
I am overwhelmed with grief , living with them .
I can not tolerate their pride and prejudice anymore .
I prefer being alone to living with them .
People often discuss if TV viewing is useful for education .
In my opinion , watching TV is actually helpful for learning new things .
There is one argument that says that the TV promotes us .
The main reason for this is that TV teaches us , because it is an important medium in our lives .
A good example of this is the large amount of informative news which we are allowed to get .
This clearly shows that TV is teaching .
To sum up , TV viewing is not just entertaining at all ; It is definitely also educating .
Many people argue about the use of TV .
Some of them believe that it can only entertain us , while others believe that it can also educate .
However , I think that TV can do both .
I bet if somebody wants to have some fun , he or she can just choose the right Channel or movie , such as comedies , video gags or funny TV shows .
Meanwhile , if an individual wants to learn from TV ,
TV provides lots of cognitive programs , like cooking , taking care of pets , how to eat well .
For me , I do prefer reality shows that help people with how to deal with problems .
Football is the favourite sport in the world .
It was invented by a talented athlete in the UK in early 1900 . The sport became very famous from when the first World Cup was held in Uruguay until the present .
I have really enjoyed watching and playing football since I was a kid .
There are several reasons why people really enjoy soccer so much .
Nothing is permanent in this world . I 've heard these words from the mouths of my parents and now it is in my heart and helps me to deal with this kind of life .
Sometimes you 're happy and sometimes you are sad , nor you are success or you are failed , that is the cycle of the life we are taking .
Life is changing very fast as the days on the calendar are going by , the flow of life continuously revolving with the world every person has .
Nobody can tell how , when , where and what will happen in the next 50 years of our lives .
It depends on how you deal with what you have in the present to be prepared for the forthcoming changes in the future .
There are a lot of factors that could greatly affect what you will be in the next 50 years of your life .
But the most vital part for these changes is you .
Everybody has the right one for a change , but it should be for the better and not for the worse .
With the simultaneous growing inventions of technologies , way of living go through with it .
A complicated ways from before , advanced technologies make it easy and simple now , what else more could we expect ?
The digital age has been a big problem for the music industry because the new technologies and the internet have helped music piracy .
The people already do not buy a CD , they simply download it .
" Piracy is destroying the music industry " as it is a violation of copyright .
It is a shame that a person works for many months people want to enjoy his work without having to pay ; it is literally stealing .
It is like you designing a chair and people taking it without paying .
Singers have to adapt and be able to survive piracy . Now most of their income is from concerts and digital platforms like Spotify .
I think that people should be more responsible and respect the work of others so that society evolves in a healthy way and without conflicts .
Today , many people , groups or social movements disagree with different and mainly aspects of our dominant culture . For example , marriage or the age for marriage , the role of women in the family , religions , education and new types of family and many values .
This perspective on life is inspired by counter - culture movements and some people call these people " alternative " , but they are more common each day and this creates an inclusive and diverse society .
The culture is changing in this way . Maybe it could be wonderful for human freedom .
CHANGES IN COLOMBIAN CULTURE
Eating habits in my country have really changed in the last ten years .
it 's r is n't clear completely , but I suppose it depends on changing life habits in the development process of our society .
The first and most important change is related to eating prepared food that is n't healthy . Usually , the reason is probably women 's lifestyles , which are going through big changes in the sense that they do n't like staying at home and spending their time making food . Now they prefer to buy prepared food .
The other issue is related to our habit of eating food together with our family , which was a custom in human life , not just in our culture , but now because of a hard and busy life , we had to eat our meals most days of the week .
Now , we forget big dinner tables that are surrounded by family members .
But a good change in our habits is the attention to calories and healthy food , because of getting information on the internet and other media that are easily accessible for all people these days .
In summary , l think the change is negligible but we can control it to make our life better , especially in relation to food , which is the most important aspect of our life but we do n't pay attention to it enough .
I am a programmer who wants to write about programming languages and skills .
The truth of the matter is I think I 'm full of ideas but , unfortunately , I ca n't describe my knowledge and experiences in English .
However , I can write these ideas in my own native language and that 's why I 'm thinking that one day I should be able to write those ideas in English as well .
Dear Sophie , I have just come back from a really exciting few days with my cousin .
That was the best place I have ever been .
We went to New York for four days .
On Thursday , we arrived at 12.15 .
While I was in the bathroom , my cousin was smoking .
When I went back , a policeman asked him not to smoke , so he was angry for the whole flight .
On Friday , we went on an incredible sightseeing tour , but the guide told me not to take pictures because I had to buy them .
On Saturday night , we went to a formal restaurant to eat pasta .
Finally , we departed at 18.45 pm .
I think I will go back next year .
It was a well planned holiday .
Michael , together with his two friends , Adam and John , decided to take a vacation in Pulau Langkawi , Kedah , Malaysia .
They searched for flight tickets , rental car , and hotel .
They were very excited and could n't wait to go there .
About one month before departure , they researched on the internet the places that might interest them .
There were Padang Matsirat , Cable Car , Mahsuri Tomb , small islands , Duck tour , beaches , shopping centre and , the most exciting thing was buying chocolates .
One day before going , Michael suddenly had a problem .
He needed to follow his family to the town .
With all his hurt heart , he told his two friends about the matter .
Adam and John were very angry .
They said they had already planned everything and Michael had happily ruined the vacation .
They needed to think again about the budget and all of the other stuff .
Michael could n't stand anymore . He scolded his friends and said something that no one would want to hear .
His mother heard what had happened .
She tried to have a calm talk with her son in his room .
She said money can cause everyone pain if it is not settled very well .
After all the wise advice , his mother kissed him on his forehead .
Michael tried to think wisely again .
He accompanied his mother to his room 's door .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
He called his friends back and managed to sort out the mess .
Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately but he had forgotten what he had to do . After thinking , he remembered that he had to visit his grandmother as she was ill and his mother told him that his grandmother wanted to see her doctor and wanted him to take her in his car as the doctor 's clinic was far away from her house . Peter decided to go and he drove his car to his grandmother 's house in the next street . After he arrived , he saw his grandmother was waiting for him on the street . He apologized to her and asked her to get into the car . " Never mind " she said and got in the car beside him .
Peter drove his car to the doctor 's clinic and after half an hour he arrived and he and his grandmother went up the stairs to reach the doctor 's clinic . After they arrived , they found that they had to wait a period of time to take their turn . They waited and then their turn came . They entered the doctor 's surgery and the doctor was very kind . He welcomed them and after checking Peter 's grandmother , said
she was absolutely fine .
There is a man who is the most important in everyone 's life .
I am not different in that . There is a backstairs influence in my life . He is none other than my father .
I respect him so much and admire him also .
He is my best friend who never hurts me .
He always helps me by giving good advice .
He is an ideal farmer who never ever tells a lie .
His means of making a livelihood is the simplest .
He always honors the oldest and taught us to avoid telling a lie . As far as I remember , one day he was advising me when suddenly an old man entered the conversation and gave a foolish speech .
Nevertheless , my father did n't tell him arrogantly but he made him know the right thing politely .
He is a fluent speaker .
That 's why I admire him .
Everyone makes mistakes . No one can say I have not made any mistakes in my life .
I have made many mistakes I guess .
But is that a big problem in our lives or a small problem , or does it really not matter ?
Or do you really regret what you have done ?
Travelling by car plays an important role in our lives .
There is a lot of private transport in the streets .
However , travelling by bus or tram never get away from our daily routine . Travelling by bus is not as convenient as getting in a car , but you can never know what might happen with your car , where it might get stuck in traffic or some other accident might happen .
Public transport has a timetable .
This fact gives the government the opportunity to manage the traffic on the roads in cities or towns .
Private transport gives us traffic jams , a lot of accidents and stressful situations .
We get nervous because we are responsible not only for our lives but for other people 's , too .
And , also , we have to understand that using public transport is cheaper than using a car .
The other side of the problem is ecological .
Why do we think that only convenience can be the main point of using a car ?
What can we say about our ecological awareness ?
Let 's take a bicycle to travel to our school or job instead of using any public or private transport .
Transport is very important for our lives .
Public transport will have no future because travelling by car is more convenient .
Public transport is not suitable for luggage .
Travel plans need to depend on public transport timetables .
It is more fun when we travel by car .
We can play music or talk about anything while we travel in a car .
Public transport is more boring .
If there is no public transport in some areas , then we need to hire a taxi .
So , If we have our own car , it is much easier than using public transport .
Dear Jo ,
How are you ?
Nice to receive your letter and learn that you will be in Hong Kong this summer .
Hong Kong is a wonderful place for shopping , eating and sight - seeing .
You can taste sea - food in Sai Kung and Abeedeen .
Visit Big Budda on Lamma Island , see the beautiful night view on the Peak .
Besides , Hong Kong also has many country parks for hiking .
I am sure that you will love this country !
If you want to find a job for only three months , I suggest you could teach English for a summer school .
In Hong Kong , most students would like to take some courses in the summer holidays .
I will get some information for you if you are interested in that .
Write to me when you have fixed your itinerary , and looking forward to seeing you in Hong Kong .
Ta
I think public transport is paramount nowadays , but the future will bring us some kind of different means of transport , such as the car . Yes , the car we have been using all our lives .
But this time , it will be another story , because in order to save time and money , we are going to use our own cars .
Let me explain my reasons . When you drive your car , you can take it from your garage or outside the main door of your house and it gets you to wherever you want . But on the other hand , if you take public transport , it will be much more inconvenient because you have to catch the bus at a bus stop ... Where is your nearest bus stop ?
Then you have to take the subway to your destination , so that means a waste of time . On the other hand , it is cheaper , but what happens if you do n't have any coins to pay the bus driver ? Here comes the problem .
You have to look for a shop to turn your money into coins .
What 's the time , then ?
Obviously , you are late for work , even if you have an appointment to have an interview for a job .
Alison read the note , smiled , and immediately put on her coat .
She read a note from her boyfriend , Tom .
She must go to a shopping centre because Tom is waiting for her in the shopping centre .
They are going to see a new film about James Bond .
Alison is very happy because she had not seen Tom for two months .
He had to study in a different country and they had not seen each other for months .
Tom is studying in London .
Alison goes to a bus stop and she waits for a bus .
She can not wait to see Tom .
When she arrives at a shopping centre , Tom is already waiting .
They want to spend all evening together .
The Lion King is my favourite film .
It is a story about a little lion and his life .
Symba is the main character .
He must began to be the king .
He lives in the wild .
His father saves him from a fight but he dies and Symba is sad .
He moves to another place because he does n't want to be in the same place where his father died .
But he gets to know Timon and Pumba and they make Symba believe again that life is good .
Then , Symba saves Pumba from a lion and this lion is Nala , who is an old friend of Symba .
They return and Symba gets to be the lion king .
I would recommend this film because it is funny , entertaining and you can learn principles .
My name is Shousheng and I live in Montreal , Canada .
Although Canada is an English - speaking country , in Montreal , the official language is French .
So I do not have the opportunity to practise English , because most of my colleagues speak French .
They speak French in meetings , in the gearm , and in the shopping . centres
My favourite sport is running .
When I have free time , I usually run , because I feel really relaxed after that .
I started this sport six years ago and I found myself .
When I stop doing it for a week , I feel that there is something missing and I 'm not in a good shape .
I advise everyone to start this sport .
In fact , I know it 's very difficult to do it if you give it up .
But it 's very important for your health .
Running will help you burn calories and make you calm and relaxed .
My favourite sport is football .
I like football because it improves my basic skills and my mind does not take that much stress .
Football is really good because it is an active sport .
It is bewildering !
I was inspired by a true legend . His name is Edan Hazard .
He plays for Chelsea .
My favourite teams are Chelsea , Man City , Man United , Real Madrid and Barcelona .
That is all I can say . I love football very much .
Yes , we can say that the car is much more convenient . But not every person can afford a car .
even that price behind fuel for car .
That 's the first fact ,
and the second one is the fashion or style of young people who do n't like going somewhere using a car rather than a bike .
after that last point We can not go everywhere we would like using a car .
There are also limitations there .
Maybe so many people like it because there are so many services with it .
But that does not mean that public transport does not have a future .
That fact behind sense because the maintenance of public transport is not the responsibility of the traveler .
If we want to count function of public transport because it 's not enough words to say . But public transport is a much needed service in big cities as well as small villages .
It 's not so hard to find sights to see in such a big city as Moscow , but when you have a wide variety of museums , parks , clubs , you will try to visit only the best ones .
Let 's look at the most popular places where tourists prefer spending their free time in Moscow .
I 'm sure you 'll agree that Red Square is the most popular sight in the capital of Russia .
That 's why I suggest starting the journey from this place .
You can get there by metro ( Teatralnaya Station ) .
From Red Square , you can easily see the Moscow Kremlin , St. Basil 's Cathedral , the State Historical Museum and Gum Department Store .
If you are dying of hunger , you can have a quick snack at Teremok cafe or have a square meal at restaurant # 57 , which is on the third floor of Gum .
I prefer spending my free time in the parks .
Gorky Park is my favorite place for my leisure time .
It 's the capital 's central park where you 'll find lots of interesting things .
There are lots of facilities , such as sports centre , a ping pong club , a hire centre etc .
There is an open - air cinema , but it opens only after 10.00 pm .
So , if you want to have a memorable holiday , the capital of Russia is the most attractive place .
My friend 's name is Kadir .
He is from Giresun .
He likes playing with his mobile phone , playing basketball and reading books .
His hobbies are listening to music , playing computer games , watching football matches and watching TV .
These are my friend 's hobbies .
I 'd like to talk about my past .
I 'm only fifteen years old , but I think I have a heavy past .
First , I 've always lived in a kind of little flat which is a social logement .
We did n't have a lot of money , but I went to a private elementary school .
There were a lot of rich people , maybe we were about ten to one hundred not living in a house .
I had a lot of friends ; too many friends .
In sixth grade , I realized that they did n't really love me , or even like me .
I remember two contrasting moments . One day , we had to create a team to do an exercise which used the brain ; they chose me .
However , another time , we had to create a team for doing sport , and they did n't choose me .
That get to the second problem I had , and still have now : my weight .
They did n't choose me because of my weight .
I was too fat , too much fat .. I looked at my health booklet one month ago , and I saw that I have been overweight since I was four years old .
Until sixth grade , I thought I was " normal " , but then everything changed .
Learning English is very important to the future of everyone .
It is a language that many people speak and know .
Many people start learning English at school .
Later , people continue in language schools .
It is a difficult language , so , the best option is to go abroad .
In an English - speaking country , every day you learn to live .
People speak differently , but with a basic level , they understand English .
It is difficult to go to an unknown place with different people , but it is a good experience to learn .
I think if the whole world had only one language it would be better .
Everyone could speak and understand each other .
But this is not so . Therefore , we must study English .
Because of her suggestions , I learned how to control my temper while I was dealing with failures and kept telling myself that it was n't a big shame because I had tried my best .
Thus , I became more mature because I overcame those hard times .
I like walking in the morning every day and I enjoy doing it on my own or with my friends , because it 's very good for my health and also it keeps my body healthy and full of energy .
Sometimes , I feel tired of walking , especially on sunny days with high temperatures , but that ca n't make me stop doing this sport .
When I 'm walking , it can refresh me all the time and makes me feel good .
I want to give advice to people who love this type of sport : please do not give it up , and do it as often as you can , because it 's a beneficial sport .
Hi , everyone .
It 's a good idea to improve my English writing .
I 'd like to speak about the education system in Egypt .
I graduated from the faculty of law " English division " two years ago with a very good grade .
The ordinary result of the big effort I had made at my university to have a good job in my specialization , as a lawyer .
But in Egypt no one gets what he deserves . You have to pay a lot of money to have a job or know someone who can use his authority to appoint you .
So , I wanted to get a job in another state , like Dubai . I heard jobs there are very good and the salaries . I have submitted my CV for various jobs ,
but what is the common reply ?
Your qualifications are not satisfactory . You must be UK Or USA educated .
Finally , I see that I have very high marks for my education , but do I not have the ability to work in real life because in Egypt there is the worst education .
Thanks .
1 ) I like helping people
2 ) Tom offered to go to the cinema .
3 ) Meryy refused to borrow money .
4 ) Can we afford to purchase a car next year ?
5 ) I look forward to meeting you .
6 ) The movie I watched made me cry .
I do not think it 's easy to do research in India .
Even if I want to focus on my work , they create one or the other issue to distract me .
I will make my own path , though it will be difficult for me .
But it will be very romantic to be with my girlfriend and fight the system .
We generally use the word " stress " when we feel that everything seems to have become too much - we are overloaded and wonder whether we really can cope with the pressures placed upon us .
We can change everything that harms us if we need to , if we have the will .
The reasons for stress are more diverse ; perhaps because we have an exam period , family problems or because we think in a negative way , or we have destroyed ourselves through long hours of working and canceld our needs for enough comfort , and lots of reasons to stress ...
We must get rid of the stress quickly before we lose ourselves , because it 's very harmful . For example , you can read a book , do sport , play music , eat delicious food , remember all the positive things that have happened to you , talk with someone who you trust , get rid of everything that makes you upset and makes your life tiring , go out and eat a meal with your best friends , and there are a lot of things you can do ...
Remember that stress is not a lasting thing , and you can avoid it .
But if you are willing to live a happy life .
Dear Sir
I am writing to complain about the cafe 's lunch menu .
In my opinion , the main course needs improvement .
Firstly , I am a vegetarian and I do n't have much choice of vegetables .
Secondly , there is not a lot of variety in the desserts , mainly fruits and puddings .
There are not many healthy drinks . There are not many hot drinks either .
Some people in my college are vegetarian , Muslim , vegan etc . and they do not have a lot of varieties of food to choose , from like halal meat and veg and nothing that comes from animals .
It is thought that you should change the type of food regularly .
You should also reduce fast food , which makes people obese and is not healthy .
It would be better if you offered drinks according to the weather , so , when it 's winter , we would like a hot drink and , if it is summer , we would like a chilled drink .
I hope you consider this major problem in the cafe .
Thank you .
Yours faithfully
Dear Mrs Ashby ,
I 'm writing to you regarding an advertisement I saw on my way home calling for candidates to fill a vacancy on your cafe staff .
As requested , I 'm an English - speaking guy and currently looking for a job that does n't disrupt my studies at college .
For that reason , this job is perfectly suitable for me and , besides , it showed up as a good opportunity for me to improve my income , helping me to pay my bills .
I am twenty - five years old and when I was teenager I lived abroad twice .
The first time was in London for 6 months , and most recently , in Berlin for 8 months .
The movie I 'm going to be reviewing is " The Purge "
I actually liked it quite a lot . I just loved all the suspense and the parts where they leave you hanging . It 's just really interesting . The movie is about the American government , who annually give 12 hours when all crimes , even murder , are legal , and there are no medical services during that long period of what they call " the purge " and anyone can join in . You can kill whoever you want .
The thing is , some people do n't think it 's OK , and they do n't agree , so they just stay inside and try to survive the night .
The diagrams illustrate the process of producing bank notes .
At the beginning , bank notes should be well - designed , considering the colour matching and artwork , including issues relating to security .
After designing them , metal plates are prepared with the help of experienced machinists .
Then it comes to the printing step .
Ensuring there is colour on both sides , the image is raised gently by a special type of ink .
Most importantly , before distribution , printed sheets with 50 bank notes per sheet have to be checked to see whether they are of perfect quality or not .
They can only be packed and distributed if they are of good quality .
In other words , both bad sheets and the ones which are separated badly need destroying in a safe way which can stop them from getting into the market .
That 's how bank notes are produced from paper to what we can use to purchase goods in our daily life .
Many people believe that nowadays there is no future for public transport , because travelling by car is so much more convenient , but others continue with the thought that they do help , for example , with travelling long distances .
I believe both are useful .
Firstly , there are plenty of people who ca n't buy a car , and so , the only option they have is to travel by these modes of transport .
The ticket does n't cost too much and it is affordable for the majority of people , at least compared to buying a car .
Secondly , public transport is more efficient for travelling long distance than cars and people would n't have to purchase fuel .
When people need to travel to other continents or far away , they may need a plane , which is a form of public transport , to complete the journey because they have to cross oceans and complicated distances that have different landforms .
However , a car is something which belongs to the person and he can do whatever he wants and find it in the same state he left it in , and sometimes public transport vehicles are n't left in the best way .
In addition , you have to share with people you absolutely do n't know and probably wo n't see again .
Consequently , you can be robbed or get sick .
But , by observing all these people , you can enrich yourself with the different cultures and manners the others have and incorporate new topics .
To conclude , we can establish a middle point .
Public transport is useful but sometimes inconvenient and cheaper . You can get to know new people and different cultures .
When I was 12 , I went to France for the first time in my life .
That was my first time on holiday in another country that was n't northern Italy .
I remember I woke up at 6 o'clock to take the train and went to Paris in France .
After 4 hours sitting on an uncomfortable seat , we arrived at the train station and then my parents and I went to the hotel .
We visited a lot of monuments , museums and churches , like the Louvre with the Mona Lisa by Leonardo Da Vinci .
That week I felt happy and relaxed , but I was a little bit sad when we returned to Italy .
I am only waiting to go there another time !
Nowadays , many people have their own transport . For example , they have cars .
Transport is the best facility for people to be able to travel around a country .
Without transport , people can not go to work or do anything else .
Public transport is the best way to go to work . Because it is easy to travel .
No need to pay the full amount , because they have many people who board the bus .
Public transport helps us to know our country and enables our body to move from one place to another .
For example , we have to walk to go to a place , whereas a car can park in the place where we want to go .
It helps us in many different ways . If we have a problem , we can take a bus and go there .
It will be more appropriate for us .
All villages have a bus stop where the bus stops to pick up or drop off passengers .
And some buses drive at night to transport passengers .
Without it , many people would have a lot of difficulty going somewhere or returning home .
However , there are some disadvantages with public transport . They cause many traffic jams . This is because the buses are large and difficult to control .
If the roads are narrow , the bus wo n't go along the street .
The bus will not drop off the passengers where they want to go , because they have to drop them off at the bus stop .
Day by day , the country is developing more and more . Nowadays , we have trains .
Many people travel by train because they arrive quicker than the bus and are cheaper in the long run .
Public transport will have a future because some people have no money to buy their own car .
Public transport helps us in many different ways .
It will better if we have public transport .
Dear Kuba
Is your family happy that you came back ?
Are you fine ?
I am writing to tell you that I met my aunt Lisa when I was in London last month .
We met each other near Oxford Street , when I was going to a supermarket .
She went with me and we talk about everything !
She is a very interesting and wise person , but the best thing is her humor .
We are going to travel to France this holiday .
It is fantastic ! I ca n't wait .
Kisses
Ola
Nowadays , using public transport is considered to be the most convenient
way to get around .
It provides citizens with the freedom to relax and disconnect while going home or to work .
However , taking your own car is much more useful .
And for this reason , I honestly think it will be the only means of transport in the future .
You also asked about the leisure activities in Spain .
Well , let me tell that there are lots of ways to have a good time there .
For me , the most interesting one is sightseeing around the city and discovering its monuments and landmarks .
However , there is also an endless of leisure activities , such as going shopping or going to museums , to cinemas or to beautiful parks .
If that is not enough , you will be able to enjoy the amazing atmosphere of our nightlife , going to restaurants , to clubs or lounge bars .
In my town people are very educated and very aware of the environment , they know very well that if we take care of the environment then it will be useful for us only , so they are always careful about rubbish and try to clean the village .
Whenever they go outside , they always keep a plastic bag with them so whatever rubbish they will not throw on the road or outside .
They always keep the rubbish and dust in a plastic bag and then they throw it in the dustbin .
D. Perhaps bilingual school creation might be a good idea for Colombian education improvement , but it would be appropriate to be aware that Colombia actually has public schools with a basic education where English is considered as another academic subject , in contrast with the private ones .
Because the majority of schools do n't have enough resources to pay for it .
The whole picture shows us the process of making bank notes .
It depends on five main steps , which include design , preparation of metal plates , printing , inspection , packaging and destruction or disposal depending on whether the fourth step is good or bad .
Above all , the design is the most important step we should know , which involves considering the background color and artwork .
Secondly , we need preparation of metal plates that subsidiarize with skilled machinists .
And then we need printing and inspection .
Eventually , the most essential part comes . We need to inspect the quality of the sheets .
If it 's good , they go to packing and distribution , whereas the others should be destroyed as well .
In conclusion , the whole process is an unreversed schedule .
It cosumemed the power which includes humans and machines .
Nevertheless , in my opinion , the most precious of the revolution is the modern security measure through such a muti - developed society .
To begin with is design , we have to consider background colour , artwork , and security issues , and then we are supposed to prepare metal plates , using skilled machinists .
Secondly , printing -- including sheets of bank notes , are printed ( 50 bank notes per sheet ) . There are some requirements -- colour on both sides , special ink , slightly raised images .
The most important step is inspection . The printed sheets should be manually inspected .
If partially damaged sheets exist , the bank notes should be separated into good and bad .
Finally , if it is a good sheet , the procedure is packaging and distribution , including cutting into separate bank notes , packing , dispatching .
If it is a bad sheet , the procedure is disposal -- bad sheets and bank notes should be securely destroyed .
I do not know from where to start .
Back in the 40 's , Cairo was considered as one of the cleanest and most environmentally friendly city in the world , Even cleaner than Paris or other cities in Europe .
But time changes and things change with it .
Nowadays , Cairo can be considered as one of the - if not the most - dirtiest cities in the world .
Rubbish is everywhere , people finish their food and throw empty bags in the streets instead of keeping it until they find a bin .
So , the ugly truth is , my country is n't clean and people do nothing towards rectifying this .
In this picture there is a man behind a counter in a shop .
There are lots of guns on the wall .
In the right - hand corner , there 's a sign which says that in this shop it 's not to allowed to sell knives .
It is a fact that , on the one hand , you have the opportunity to buy dangerous weapons nowadays , but on the other hand , we are unable to manage this situation correctly .
It is true that there is an increase in violence compared with the past and it is our duty to tell our children that a world without guns is a better world .
It was late Summer in Africa .
Max and his family had been on their holidays for two weeks now . This year they had decided to do a safari as a new experience .
Unfortunately , Max was not as excited as his family ; he had never really been into animals .
He only enjoyed staying at the hotel watching television .
" Max , wake up ! " his mom said .
Once he had woken up , he went walking outside the hotel for the first time .
Today , for some reason , he had this feeling that something interesting was going to happend .
He walked and walked , thinking about what could it be , until , after a long time walking , he realised he did not know where he was .
Suddenly , he heard something . Was it an animal ? , he thought .
And then he realised it was an enormous lion .
Max froze . He did not know what to do .
The lion was getting closer and when he reached Max he lay on the floor and looked at the boy .
Max , for some reason , stroked him and the lion smiled .
But suddenly he heard a noise , it was his mum . " Max where are you ? " she screamed . The lion disappeared in one second , running .
So Max walked up to her , and said " Here mom , do n't worry . Let 's go into the hotel . "
Max spent the rest of the day thinking about that lion until he went into his room . " What an amazing day ! " ,
Max whispered to himself as he got into bed that night .
Dear teacher ,
I am your new student , Zhen Xuan Wang .
I come from Taoyuan Bade .
I like riding my bicycle in the streets .
I am studying at Yung Feng high school .
Not long ago , I won first prize in math competitions at school .
The presidential election will begin in Taiwan next year .
I look forward to the result being released .
All the time , we are learning more for our various goals .
My goal is admission to National University .
Best regards ,
your student , Zhen Xuan Wang .
Continue studying
Everyone in the world has a goal .
My ultimate aim is to continue my studies .
Unfortunately , my previous studies were in Arabic .
This prevents me from achieving my goal .
The most difficult area in English I have trouble with is writing .
I have no problems with reading , speaking or listening .
As part of my plan to improve my English skills , I decided to search on the internet for any free program which could help me with the plan to improve my English writing .
I found your website and this is my first try .
.
there are many differences between old computers and the new ones .
For example , new computers are smaller in size than the old computers , they are also faster and more efficient , they have better resolution and a bigger memory to save files and other stuff like apps .
Trieste is a little town situated in the north - east of Italy .
We have diversified harvest like in the rest of the world , not only in the houses but also in every public building .
For example , in our school there is the possibility to collect paper and plastic in different boxes .
In the last year , some politicians have decided to put our city in order . So , for example , they put again to place the roads .
In the middle of the main street , which is next to the sea , there is a divider with a lot of flowers and plants .
So the environmental impact is very attractive .
We still have many problems to solve in our city .
There are n't boxes for rubbish in every condominium , and we do n't have the harvest of the dampness that is present in many other towns in Italy .
Another problem is that the citizens of Trieste do n't pay attention to the environmental problems of their city .
For example , when a man or a woman has finished smoking , he / she throws the earth cigarette instead of in the right box .
In other countries it would be impossible , because if someone wanted to do this , he 'd have a fine to pay .
I think it is important that , not only in the family , but also in school , we could raise a new generation sensitive to the ecological problems of the earth .
In this way , we would have the possibility to change .
Hi .
Today a lot of people do sports , but not all sports are amused .
It 's great for me to write about sports and health .
When I was a child , I used to play football with my friends .
I sometimes played in school break in the morning .
This sport was very happier for me , but one day I broke my leg and then I never played football again .
I had to go jogging a few years ago .
I often finished up very tired because I never did sport .
Because on occasions it 's very boring .
Although I go jogging , I also do another sport , swimming .
I began doing this sport three years ago when I lost my job .
I usually go two days a week but next month I am going to go three or four days a week because I hope to enter a local competition .
I go swimming at a public pool .
The public pool is near my house .
On the one hand , this sport is good for my health . I keep fit .
On the other hand , I have met a lot of people , and they are very friendly .
And finally , I will only tell you that you should do some sport . It is good for us .
See you .
Jerry read the email and decided to go to the shopping centre immediately .
At this moment he woke up .
He noticed that he was trembling " it was just a dream " - he thought .
He had another week to find a birthday present .
His uncle 's birthday was hounding him because he did n't know what he should buy for him .
He had already asked all the family about this , nobody had n't idea what would be good enough .
Then he decided that he would just go to the fishing shop and ask a shop assistant for help .
As he thought as he done .
It was a great idea !
The man was professional and gave him useful pieces of advice .
He bought the best of all presents .
Uncle Tom was delighted and proud of him .
Off the top of his head , he asked his nephew to go fishing with him .
Jerry said that he would be honoured .
It turned out that that young boy had a good head for fishing and now they always go fishing together .
I do n't have a favorite sport .
I do a lot of sports , and now I 'm going to tell all about them .
I like running , riding my bike , playing football , skiing in winter , climbing , etc .
What I like about running is going to the mountains and enjoying the landscape .
What I like about cycling is doing routes and very long paths .
I like football because it is a sport that I have played since I was small and I think that it is the most fun and exciting team sport .
I like skiing because it is a sport that I also did when I was small . I like high speeds and lower living at high altitudes and enjoying great landscapes .
I like climbing , but it is a sport that I have just started ... but I want to keep practising it and keep learning new things .
The issue of taking care of the environment is very topical in the modern world .
The amount of garbage is increasing at the same time as the number of humans is increasing .
The growth of consumption in developing countries leads to increasing consumption of energy , water and other resources .
Pollution of the ecosystems is increasing in these countries too , as a result .
These problems are topical in our city , Kyiv , too .
Nowadays , our local government is making some decisions to improve the situation .
It is going to build several modern combustion plants , and some programmes for discrete rubbish collection are being implemented .
There are a lot of citizens movement except official activities .
People organise common action for cleaning areas near houses .
Some activists plant trees in spring .
These activities take place especially in spring and in autumn .
I hope that most of the big businesses , plants and stations will be taken outside of the city boundaries .
These days , transportation has become so crowded . We have a lot of cars in the streets .
There are a lot of accidents because many people drive so fast .
We should put a lot of cameras in the street to know how these accidents are caused .
if everybody knew that there is a punishment for what they do and nobody can escape from what he did , I guess we would have fewer traffic accidents .
Everyone is curious about making bank notes .
Now I will talk about THE PROCESS OF MAKING BANK NOTES .
The bank notes are designed carefully . Workers need to design their background colour and artwork .
What 's more , the notes will also be printed with security features .
Then , the notes will be prepared on metal plates . After that , printing . The notes will be printed in colour on both sides with special ink and they will have slightly raised images .
A new pieces of bank notes is printed completely .
Good ones will be packaged and distributed . workers will cut them and deal with them carefully .
The rest of them will be disposed of .
Dear Jo ,
I think that Cádiz is the perfect place to meet , because Cádiz has coast , sea , and mountains .
The people are very kind and funny , and it is a very cheap city .
In Cádiz , in summer , there are a lot of opportunities to work .
Cádiz is a beautiful city and you would enjoy it a lot if you worked here .
Cádiz has got a lot of amazing beaches .
Also , you are a great athlete , so you could teach surfing , football or other sports .
On the other hand , in Cádiz there are a lot of bars , so you could find a job as a waiter .
I hope I helped you .
Since I was seven years old I have been on my city 's basketball team , and I have no doubt that playing basketball is one of the things that I enjoy the most in my life .
I like basketball because , besides the benefit that it brings to your health and physical well - being , it is also a really good hobby .
Another reason why I like it is because it is a team sport so you can learn and evolve with them .
You also get to meet a lot of people at tournaments or even at normal games .
I really think that everyone should try it because it is fun and healthy .
Dear Mr. Yoyada
I am writing this letter to complain about the CPU that I bought last week .
I ordered 2 NVIDIA GTX 1080 , but I still do n't have my order in my hand .
I need the CPU as soon as possible and before 17 March 2017 .
If by 17 March my order has not come yet , I will cancel my order and I want a 100% refund of my money .
I think you should be more on time or you will get a bad rating from your customers .
Thanks for everything and I want my money back if I do not get my cpu .
I hope I will get my order and I hope you will be more on time for the customer order shipping .
Thank you
yours sincerely
Nowadays , people are becoming more independent , and more than this problem , society now needs to show others this independence and control of their own lives , which includes cars , houses and materials .
On the one hand , travelling by car can be an excellent way to get to where you want to go , without going on foot to find your bus stop and becomes less important if you live in the centre of your town or in the suburbs .
Another advantage of travelling by car is that you do n't have to spend time waiting for your other transport , and you can avoid the crowds of people that are in the subway stations every morning to get in the line if you want to arrive at work on time .
On the other hand , public transport is the only resource some people have to get around , and more than excellent for the environment , it 's also a good way to avoid traffic and spending money on petrol , since it 's cheaper if you catch a bus .
Another disadvantage is that using the car can be problematic in some situations , like if you go to a football game by car , you probably wo n't have a place to park it .
In conclusion , cars wo n't let public transport be forgotten , since as well as providing the only way some people have to travel , cars are n't so convenient for some situations .
I think you should go to a large school in a town because there you can have more friends and you can do a lot of other things that you can not do in the countryside .
I really want to go to a big school in a town , because here in the countryside , I can not go out with my friends or go shopping with them .
In a town you can do everything fun .
You can go to the shopping mall , to the halfpipes , to the skate parks and you can do a lot of other cool things with your friends , but in the countryside you ca n't .
But you should go to the school that you want . That is just my advice , OK ?
I really want you to be happy with your new life .
A big kiss and a big hug
Anna
I think that family and friends are the most important people in our lives because if you have some problems they are always there and they try to help you .
These people can influence our lives . For example , if you have bad friends you become a bad person and you will have problems in your life . So , your education depends on the people around you .
It is not important if these people are friends or family , they can change our lives for better or worse , it depends on you to choose the best thing that can help you .
As we know , nowadays , everything is possible .
We have so many advantages that make our lives easier .
Even the way of studying has changed .
In general , people have the possibility to study in libraries or using computers .
Studying in libraries requires a lot of quiet and patience .
There you must n't speak loudly and you always have to wait for your turn to borrow something or you have to wait if another student has the book you need .
Personally , I think studying on a computer is a better choice .
I 'm not saying that just because of the easy way that you can study what you want .
Studying using a computer offers you the possibility to be more relaxed when you do it .
In this way , you can , maybe , read aloud .
If I were a student that usually studies in a library , I would definitely try studying on a computer .
In this way , I would n't waste a lot of time .
If somebody says that there is no future for public transport , I mind immediately . Today there are too many vehicles on our streets .
The roads are chock a block . Everybody has a private car .
People are thinking about a comfortable life instead of the environment and saving money .
Hi , Shannon :
About my town in the future .
It will be very different .
Mainly , the environment will change .
Also , every year , there are more companies that produce different types of pollution on our planet .
Because of this , I think that the climate will change in 20 years .
Therefore , the animals will not survive in this climate .
Also , the humans wo n't be able to go into the street all day , only for a few hours , because of the hot climate .
Living there will be harmful for everybody !
We need to do something to save the world !
What do you think about this ?
Take care ,
Conchi .
The members of my family are certainly my real best friends , who I can trust and ask anything without shame or regrets .
I think they are our first friends and our first confidants .
Every day they prove they are the people who care about me .
Think about a family 's routine .
Every morning they take breakfast together , speaking about things that are not too important .
They listen to you , discuss your problems .
Sorry for taking so long to get back to you , it 's the end of the quarter and you know how crazy this period is for a salesman .
Yes , you can share my contacts .
I would like to understand the benefits of an MBA at IMD and how it would help me in my career .
Talking about the World Cup a little .
Watching our national team 's games , I came to the conclusion that we have no need to check our heart condition .
The Brazil and Netherlands games were a real test of our health .
What do you think ?
I appreciate your support .
Kind Regards .
According to the reality , a lot of young people are n't very communicated in their life .
They think their life is so boring and also very mad .
But I think different .
For example , in your childhood you are much happier than your parents because their job is not very easy .
They have to look after their children and it 's very stressful , I think .
Most teenagers ca n't understand that , and they think that the job of their parents is not difficult .
Firstly , young people usually calm down through music , for example classical music .
But most young people are not interested in this type of music .
For instance , they prefer pop or rock music .
Through listening to music , you can express your emotions and this is the most beautiful thing .
Secondly , they like watching series on TV .
That makes them happy and additionally makes loud .
Usually , they watch crime series because it 's very interesting and really mysterious .
Teenagers have different styles .
A lot of young men love wearing jeans and a T - shirt .
Because it 's very comfortable .
But girls love wearing skirts and snug shirt .
I think style is very important in our lives .
Through style , we can express our emotions and feelings .
In conclusion , the life of young people is not very easy .
We have a lot of unhappy days and we have a lot of problems too .
Hi , my name is Adrian . I am 17 years old and I am a footballer . I was born to be a footballer .
We played football every day in school and I was the best .
I was even better than the older children . Everyone told me to go to a team ,
but I did n't have to do anything . A team took on me when I was 11 years old .
The name of the team was Katsa .
I was in this team for 5 years and that made me even better at football .
I played my first match at 16 years old and I felt very special because I was 16 and I was capable of scoring 3 goals .
I played so well that everyone congratulated me . But that 's not all . One of the best teams in the world wanted to take me on .
I was very happy and , of course , I agreed .
I definitely agree with that .
Already , in only 20 years , a lot of things have changed because of the technology .
And I think that it 's not technology that will change , but the people and their characters .
Unfortunately , for this generation , there wo n't be real relationships , all relationships will become virtual relationships .
The good news is the people who can take advantage of technology can save a lot of time because they might have a sophisticated robot that can help at home .
According to my experience , if we do n't exaggerate the way we use technology like the internet , phone , satellite .
It will be a good thing that we can spend our time on a good thing .
In some people 's lives , the most important thing is to wear fashionable clothes .
On the one hand , I think it is important to look good , but sometimes the latest fashion is not the best choice to feel happy and comfortable .
For example , now high - heeled shoes are very trendy but they cost a lot and most women do n't look good in them .
On the other hand , the personality is more important and determinative than an expensive dress . It is a fact .
But if somebody wants to follow the latest fashion , I accept it , because she just feels good in those clothes .
In conclusion , my opinion is that the personality is more important than the clothes we wear , but everybody has her own life and the choice to decide what she wants .
Transportation is one of the most essential parts of our day to day life ; whether it is public or private , transport takes the same priority in each person 's life from the very early days .
Basically , we have land , water and air transport for reliable purpose .
In the age before industrialisation came into existence , people also used various alternatives to travel from one place to another .
They mostly depended on animals to pull carts and to ride on them .
Then the technology improved gradually towards mechanical engines to make the transport more convenient .
The developed version of all those engines is used in running vehicles on land , water and air which make our lives faster .
But in this modern era of globalisation , global warming is one of the prime concerns of the earth .
And when we look at the modern technologies of transportation , it seems there is no future for public transport .
It is inevitably true that excessive use of public transport leads to higher levels of pollution .
So , it would be better to go for any other alternative of green technology for future use to make this world a better place .
Yesterday , I had a wonderful day . In the morning I went to a Galician basketball training session with a Spanish selection coach . When I finished I went with my parents to a hotel to eat and spend time with some friends . After the food . we met up with friends of my parents and went to a theme park and we rode on a roller coaster , it was very exciting , and we ate a chocolate ice cream . It was delicious . In the evening , we went to a Spanish basketball league game , Obradoiro versus Real Madrid , and that match beat the team of Real Madrid and then I went home to sleep .
This is my wonderful day .
When I find myself in London , I 'll go to Buckingham Palace , which is located in the City of Westminster and I 'll visit your art gallery and tourist attractions of the British monarchy .
Continuing my visit to London , I will visit the largest park in London , Hyde Park , which has a full day of guided outdoor games and activities for the preservation of the park .
follow in London I 'll go for a walk to get to Big Ben , which is the most beautiful building in all its splendour , where I will take pictures .
Later , I 'll take the London Underground , which is a public fast transit system . I 'll travel on it .
When I leave the underground at Wembley Park station , I will go to Wembley Stadium , where I will enjoy an evening of football . The match starts at 8:00pm .
My favorite band is " cbjr " ; it 's a Brazilian band . The type of music is rock and rap . Their music is very easy to single .
I really like , in the moments when I am listening , to turn up the radio , but the singles are dead .
Generally speaking , it has been suggested that mixed - sex education will improve to the degree of learning system at schools .
In another words , this kind of education system should be included in all classes in all schools .
However , I strongly believe that the measurement of education level does not explicitly interest with sex differences in classes , but it is also related to the quality of education in schools .
Education plays a crucial role in society and its future and by improving the standard of the education system , students can learn more effectively throughout their entire educational life and their career , but also their skills will be improved by this process .
Nowadays , unfortunately , students can not get enough education from their schools whereas in some poor countries .
Their systems are no longer good enough and students will not make a good career for their future .
On the other hand , by building a more effective learning system which will be provided by local authorities , students will be encouraged to learn more efficiently .
Lack of teaching methods , poor audience of the class , insufficient quantity of learning materials , for instance , all of these matters should be enhanced until good quality has been set up in the system .
Besides , by employing these kinds of procedures , students will also gain more respect towards their studies and their jobs .
Hopefully , they will not only earn more money in their entire life , but also , society will have a more developed shape in any other developed countries .
It is true that coeducation can motivate students while they work with other sex students , we ought to also bear in mind , this is not the only solution to get the best result .
Therefore , we should consider other kinds of problems which affect the education system .
In a nutshell , based on the above - mentioned points , such as the quality of the education system not only interests with mixed education but also it will need some good solutions in some subjects that were mentioned .
It is concluded that these kinds of developments will be put into action for all schools shortly .
I like my family and my friends .
Because of that , it is a pleasure to speak about them !
I will start by introducing my favorite family members .
My sister is two years older than me .
She has been an important person to me since I was 8 .
Our parents separated in 1980 , when I was 8 and she was 10 .
Since that time , we have been very close until now .
We have a good relationship , she is my best friend .
She knows all about me .
My father is another important person to me .
I appreciate him a lot , because he stayed with me and my sister and his life changed completely .
He invested in our education and today he has a lot of admiration for our lives and our decisions .
When I became , first a teenager and later an adult , I got to know the majority of my friends , good friends .
We keep in regular contact , we go out to dinner or have a coffee frequently .
More recently , I can not forgot my husband and my daughter .
Both are very important to my emotional stability .
In fact , I feel they are the most important people in my life !
Hello Stefan !
How are you ? Hope everything 's fine .
Everything here is great .
It 's been so long since we last talked ... and I have some great news !
Well , I 'm writing to tell you that this summer I 'm coming to the UK , and I 'd like to hang out with you for some time !
It 'll be the second time I 've visited the UK , and I do n't want to do the same excursions , so would you mind telling me some good activities to do or some places to visit there ?
Also , I 'd like to invite you to my house here in Spain . All my friends and I are having a party and it would be fantastic if you were able to come .
Hope to see you soon
Love ,
Rosa
Our world is very polluted by public transport so we think about what will happen in the future . Public transport causes many problems in our environment , such as difficulty getting to the nearest destination , pollution , and disease .
We must think of alternative solutions to this problem .
We face difficulty reaching our own destination .
Many people get to their work late .
Hence , if everyone has a private car he can go to his work on time .
Using public transport makes us arrive late because it stops many times .
With our private car , we can do many tasks in our day , but using buses we waste our time and have to make more efforts .
Buses run on petrol that causes pollution .
Nowadays , there are some vehicles that run on electricity . We can decrease pollution by using electricity .
Hence , this will help people to be in a good health .
In addition , crowded buses cause infections among people .
private cars reduce infections .
Crowded buses spread epidemics in our society .
Finally , we hope for a healthy future for our future generations . We want to reach our destination on time and live a safe life without diseases and pollution .
My favourite sport is volleyball . I have been playing it since 2006 . My favourite position is number 2 . I usually play it in the faculty of engineering ? . It makes me fit and tall .
I like it very much .
I usually play it with my friends .
when I joined the Egyptian armed forces , I played for the air defense forces team .
We won 1st place and got the cup . If anyone intends to play this game , he should practise hard to be able to play it professionally .
Further to the trade fair last week , where I had the pleasure of meeting you and we were talking about your courses ,
I am looking for an organizational development course .
Could you put in me contact with any of your customers for more information ?
I am available to talk with you on Monday in the morning .
I am looking forward your to reply .
My favourite sport :
When I was a child , about four or five years old , my father taught me what football was , and I loved it , but , I really liked the goalkeepers . Why have I liked football since my childhood ?
I think football gives you a lot of feelings and experiences .
I enjoy football because it is a way to forget problems and enjoy yourself a bit , because when you are playing football , you are n't thinking about other stuff , you only concentrate on the game .
Football is a sport where anything can happen . the best teams do n't always win and it is unpredictable . There is n't a dream team .
Football is a good way to do exercise because it is interesting and fun .
And if you do n't like doing sport , you can watch the matches of the teams around the world .
The most important invention is the mobile , because you can do whatever you want with only one communication device .
Today , it 's smaller , faster and cheaper than before .
Not only do children have one , grandparents have one too .
But with this gadget , we have a big problem : people are becoming isolated ; we are living in our own world .
You can do a lot of things using your mobile , like call someone , text , take photos , listen to music , watch movies , play games , be woken up ( alarm clock ) , access the internet , check your e - mails , pay your bills , access social media , learn how to cook ... there are many more unimaginable things we can do .
But now , children want to have one as soon as possible . They do n't play hide and seek and do sports like before .
And one consequence of this is that they have health problems .
Another problem is if your mobile is stolen , the thief can access all your personal details , he can check your e - mail , see your photos , etc .
And people are becoming isolated . Once I saw a mother using her mobile instead of taking care of her baby !
This is so sad !
In the future , we will probably be able to do almost everything using a mobile , but we must pay attention to how this affects our lives .
The pie charts illustrate the amount of household earnings allocation within regular families in two different years ( 2000 and 2010 ) .
Overall , in both years , the amount of earnings allocation was predominantly for housing , then followed by food / clothes .
There was a significant rise in the amount of budget allocated to both categories ( housing and food / clothes ) in 2000 and 2010 .
In contrast , vacation / leisure and misc decreased over the same period of time .
Regarding the pie charts , there was a significant increase in the amount of earnings allocated to housing and food / clothes , from about 35% and 25% in 2000 to about 50% and 35% in 2010 , respectively .
However , the allocation of household budget for misc , which was the lowest compared with other categories in 2010 ( around 15% ) , fell by 10% in 2010 from around 15% to approximately 5% .
Furthermore , there was a slight decrease in vacations / leisure allocation from 25% in 2000 to around 10% in 2010 .
These days , public transport shows no future .
Governments haven't been giving good ideas to improve public transport .
There are two good reasons for not using public transport in the future .
Firstly , the failure to construct more railway lines is one reason .
Secondly , people do n't like the old buses in the city centre .
Consequently , people prefer to travel in their own car .
On the other hand , I think there are two aspects that could change the current situation .
The first is , the government could create a new plan of construction for trains .
The second aspect is , people could help by paying more tax to buy new buses .
As a result , we could have more comfortable public transport .
In my opinion , public transport could have a future if we all collaborate to improve it .
Unless we do so , I believe there is no future for public transport .
There are widely differing views on the issue of whether or not the benefits of studying foreign languages at an early age outweigh the drawbacks .
Some people would suggest that learning new languages before secondary school discourages students ' usual learning and that their understanding of other subjects would suffer .
However , I personally believe that the advantages outweigh the disadvantages .
The reasons for this are as follows .
Learn how to walk before learning how to run . The opponents contend that children confuse the words and phrases with their mother tongue .
Confronting challenges . Primary students struggle with the difference between first language and the one they are learning .
Thus , people believe that children learning foreign languages at primary school are worse than children who learn one later .
Nonetheless , I would contend that learning foreign languages at primary school brings countless benefits for children .
Primary school is the best time for learning . Children gain knowledge more easily and faster .
Not only is there less study burden when compared with secondary school , but they are able to communicate with foreigners as well as extend their social network during this period and in later life .
Rather than being concerned about the challenges , children would deal with them . It is particularly advantageous for them to grasp foreign languages during elementary school .
By way of conclusion , I once again reaffirm my position that the advantages of learning foreign languages at primary school far outweigh the drawbacks .
Given that those children would have better development in the future , as well as more free time .
It is a story of a boy who always found the way to tease his sister Sukh .
One day he had a fight with his sister . He even made her cry . Both of them stopped talking to each other and , after some days , the boy needed his sister Sukh 's laptop .
Sukh was so angry with him because he hurt her a lot . Sukh refused to give him her laptop and her brother started fighting with her again and he even slapped his sister .
Sukh started crying and she said she was not going to give him her laptop until he was sorry .
Her brother picked up her laptop and threw it and broke her laptop . Then the boy closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
In my opinion , people 's lives will change dramatically in 50 years or so , because the world is changing all the time , and we have a lot of technology and things to do .
People change their way of thinking and try to do new things .
What is more , they do not do the same things as their parents did .
To sum up , I think it is inevitable .
The door of the room was closed .
The room 's number was 666 .
He knew that she was inside , waiting for the last conversation about the life of Rose .
He pushed the door and went in .
She was sitting on the chair .
When she saw him , she smiled .
Then she started talking : " Welcome , pretty boy , I have been waiting for you . Please sit down " .
He took a chair , staring at her with rage . "
As you well know , Rose 's life is in your hands " she said , and kept talking : " ... You are the only one that can save her life , but before , that you must keep your promise " . " I know " , he replied with a sad tone .
Then she took the document and started reading in a loud voice : " With this agreement your soul is mine " .
Micheal did not know what to think .
He loved Rose with his entire soul , a soul that he was losing .
Suddenly , he took the agreement and signed the piece of paper with his blood .
I do not care he thought . Maybe I lost my soul , but now she is alive .
After that , Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
On my last vacation , I went to France , to Paris , with my classmate Sebastian for 2 weeks .
On the first day in France , we bought a French croissant for breakfast .
Then we went to the stadium Parc des Princes , which we could not find ,
and due to lack of knowledge of the language , nobody would tell us which way to walk to the stadium .
By accident , we ran into a good fairy who , when she was young learned all the languages in the world and thus led us to our stadium .
We made friends with this fairy . After an entire day walking with her , it felt like we had known each other a lifetime .
After the first week in France , we found that in Paris there were a lot of people .
For this reason , we left with our new friend for Marseilles , where there was less traffic .
We chose this city because of no input into the sea and it was filmed taxi in which he played a famous actor .
After spending two weeks with a fairy in France , we had to go back to school and the fairy did too .
End .
Dear José ,
How are things ? I have finished my exams now . I came back to Linares two days ago .
When do you return ?
I took bad diet . You might come with me !
The exams meant that I did n't do much sport .
For me , sport is very important .
I believe that I am a boy healthy , but with all the exams I have abandoned good habits in my life .
I did n't have free time .
Do you do sports this year ?
What are you eating ?
Today I will speak with my manager . I will drive less and I go to places for mysheft .
I will buy a bicycle .
I cycle at the weekend .
My mum says that I do n't eat fruits and vegetables , so I will eat more fruits and vegetables .
In my opinion , the Diet of Gym is very boring .
Do you know a new recipe for cooking chicken ?
Do you remember Peter ?
He is very muscular now .
He told me to play sports every day .
One day , I will be like him .
We will meet soon , man .
Take care !
Fran .
Last year I was in London with my friends , Elena , Amélie and Ariana .
First we went to our hotel .
It was near to Hyde Park .
We went to Hyde Park and sat on a bench .
An hour later , we went to the London Eye .
It is really very very big .
From the London Eye we could see all over London .
It is a very big city .
Then we went to Big Ben .
The clock is very big and we stood there a long time .
Then we got on a red bus and went to our hotel .
London is a very exciting city .
Speaking about reading .
Reading is one of the most important habits .
Reading opens new horizons , makes you imagine .
One of my favorite books is The Power of Your Subconscious mind .
This book tells you how to use the power of your mind , and how to make yourself happier .
I wish I could spread the idea of reading among young people .
Reading is a must for having a great nation .
Letter written to report on the awful environmental situation in my city !
Kiev , Ukraine .
We have already done a lot , but we still need to do more .
First of all , rubbish factories should be sent behind the city .
People who drop litter on the streets are one of the biggest problems .
So my proposition is to post some informative letters and posters around the city , and give bigger punishments for littering ! Also , the government should increase the number of rubbish bins and facility staff members .
Client search , customer support , conflict solutions
compilation of wedding arrangements and bouquets
People used to use public transport a lot .
Public transport is very inconvenient .
Gas prices have come down a lot .
People can afford cars easily .
Some people live very far from the bus stop .
They have to walk a long distance to get to the bus stop .
Buses are very crowded .
Buses take a very long route .
It takes you a very long time to get to your destination .
If you have a car you can get to your destination in a short time .
Our town takes care of the environment of our neighbourhood very seriously .
There are many places where you can throw away your rubbish .
At these sites there are different kinds of containers for all sorts of rubbish which you can collect at home .
Like glass , plastic or paper containers .
The centre of our town , where the supermarket is , does also have a site for dumping your rubbish .
In the supermarket , you can find a container for batteries .
Not only the supermarket has these containers . They are also in the schools of the neighbourhood .
In my opinion , this gives a good example of the involvement of the local government .
Another point that I 'm pleased about is that our town is kept clean by a special group of employees of our community .
This happens weekly .
They walk around in all the streets and pick up all the dumped material .
This makes our neighbourhood a pleasant place to be .
Finally , I can say that they not only put containers for all your rubbish , but even special containers in the parks for the dogs ' ' pooh ' .
So this helps ensure that the children can play in a much cleaner park .
Studying overseas means not only changing conditions , but also facing many sorts of unknown pressure .
Roughly speaking , there are three causes of pressure .
First of all , the biggest problem is studying .
It is not easy to adapt to a new learning environment ; the language is the biggest difficulty .
Students have to do assignments in another language and use a different way of thinking .
The second problem could be from peers ' stresses .
The culture shock is what international students need to overcome .
Students want to make new local friends , but cultural customs and taboos could be a problem to notice and adapt to .
Lastly , the problem is from students themselves .
They have left their comfort zone , and everything is fresh .
Students have to confront and get over every challenge .
As family and friends do not accompany them , students must do a lot , from basic living to future studies .
It is hard to live overseas alone . Therefore , making friends from the same country means that they can help one another .
Besides , attempting open mind .
Getting along with international friends is a great way to expand your horizons .
About me !
Hey , my name is Mathias .
I was born in Danderyds hospital but lived in Stockholm . When I was four , I moved to Danderyd .
I have a big brother . He 's 14 and goes on Friberga as well . His name is Ulric and he 's in 8f2 .
My favorite activity is football . It 's great fun to play it with all my friends . I also like to play floorball but it is n't as fun as football .
I also like to play video games . I play with my friends . My favourite games are FIFA , NHL , GTAV and some others .
I have lived in stockholm and in two houses in Danderyd , but no other places .
I do n't know which is the best place I have been to but New York was cool , but I actually like Fårö most . It is an island next to Gotland and I have been going there since I was 0 years .
We always rent a little cottage from a sheep farmer and now we know his family .
We always go to the beach , which is very nice , and when it 's sunny and warm it is better than the Mediterranean .
I do n't know what I 'm proud of , but when I score a nice goal , I am proud because it feels good , especially when it 's an important goal that maybe will change the game .
I would like to be the best football player in the world , a Youtuber , or take over a big company .
It is often hard to get up in the morning . I always think just one more minute and then I fall asleep .
I asked my parents and they said ambitious , curious and considerate .
I do n't know if I can agree with that but I listened to them . :)
I do n't know what I like people to know about me .
That I danced for two years , but I stopped because I did n't have time .
I would like to play a World Cup game and I also want to win the Champions League .
I do n't have a favourite movie . I like many but the movies I like the most are comedies and action adventure .
I do n't read many books .
I like a lot of songs , but I think it 's Let 's Do It Again by J Boog because I like the singer 's voice , it 's a soft song and it 's easy to sing too .
I also like Stolen Dance by Milky Chance because it 's a soft song .
I do n't only like soft music , I also like pop music and house music .
I like to watch South Park . It 's really funny and I have almost seen all 17 seasons . I also like to watch YouTube videos every day .
I like a lot of food , but the most meat food is good and pizza .
My favourite restaurant must have good meat and be really nice .
My favourite memories must be every summer on Fårö .
To : Tourist Office
From : ELiza Anna
Subject : Shopping facilities
Report on the shopping facilities in Katowice
Introduction
The aim of this report is to describe and assess shops which could be interesting for tourists .
The majority of people visiting Katowice are focused on three things : souvenirs , fashion and food .
Souvenirs
It seems that there are not many places in the city center where you can find souvenirs like postcards or books about the history of Katowice .
Fortunately , visitors will find all of that in the Tourist Information Office and in shops on the outskirts .
The one which is really worth seeing is " Kato - Sovenirs " .
They provide all sorts of funny local gadgets .
Fashion
My favorite sport is football .
It 's the most popular sport in the world .
I enjoy it because it 's well known and easy to find partners to play with .
Watching football is also a wonderful experience .
My favorite international league is the English premier league .
My advice to anyone who is starting this sport is to start it early and play it regularly not to lose fitness .
Also , joining a team would be a great idea .
The environment is an important part of our life , contributing in a positive way to our part of life without even concern about important parts for us to survive .
Humans can easily damage the environment just by throwing their waste away without recycling or ruining the places where animals live .
Deforestation can damage the cycle of nature .
Without forests , there ca n't be animals , and the human race will disappear .
Some people do n't even care and just do n't to earn money deforests the trees and sell them to make furniture .
They even do not plant other trees .
I notice that , in supermarkets , they use so much plastic just to cover a small thing or use a lot of plastic bags without even thinking about how harmful this is to the environment .
I lived for a short time in a place where the word " recycle " was completely unknown , but they used to do it because they were n't so rich .
Where I live now , I have noticed that we have the opportunity to recycle waste because it is a posh area .
In my opinion , the government should take care of all areas , whether an area is rich or poor .
Pollution has a negative effect on the environment . I saw on television that wild birds are healthier in rural area than birds from urban areas .
It is difficult for birds from urban areas to find proper food .
Some people from the area where I live usually feed the birds , but others do n't even care .
To keep all of nature alive , we must contribute everyone of us for future generations .
Travelling by car is more comfortable than public transport , easier and faster .
You can go by car at any time , but you ca n't by public transport .
You do n't have to wait for your car , but you must wait for public transport .
You do not pay any fare to travel in your car .
The aim today is to provide you with a description of my best friend .
Kike is my best friend . I met him when we were studying in primary school , when we were six or seven years old .
Afterward , we went to study at different schools , so , we were separated for ten years .
Moving on to the physical description , I want to say that Kike is a really tall man ; his height is 1.95 meters .
He has a strong voice that , with his appearance , makes him look impressive .
Concerning his personality , he is very friendly , generous , optimistic , playful and sensitive .
So , he is hard - working . He is a lawyer and always helps me with all my professional problems .
I want to turn to his hobbies . When he is n't working , he is riding a bike ,
every evening , he takes the bike and rides along some paths for more than forty kilometers per day , so he is a very good cyclist and it 's quite hard to cycle with him .
To conclude , I want to say that I 'm the godfather of his eldest son .
My wife is a very special person to me . I like her very much .
I met her at university 20 years ago . She is 4 years younger than me .
She is in her 30s .
She is tall , slim and straight .
In addition to that , she has a pretty face , dark skin , dark eyes and long brown hair .
She is very kind , sensitive and quiet . She also has an attractive personality and a big heart , but she is very nervous .
She makes great food for us . I like to cook with her and eat from her hand .
She always works hard for our family .
I like to go out with her , walking and talking .
Young people are most interested in fashion and computer games .
Girls usually follow the fashion bloggers and the fashion magazines .
Boys like following channels on youtube .
They like to take pattern modeled on older people who are popular on the Internet .
Teenagers are interested in music too .
They like to exchange opinions about new stars .
People who are in fan clubs are interested in touring with their idols .
At this age , people like being better than their friends and they like to distinguish themselves .
Hi , my name is John Keats and I 'm aged 21 .
I am writing to apply for the job you advertised .
I have already worked in summer camps in France and in Italy with children aged 7 - 13 . I am cheerful , energetic and hardworking .
I usually work in the kitchens , so it does not bother me .
Moreover , I am willing to help organize sports or evening activities .
Moreover , I do like looking after children .
For instance , I take care of my nephews once a month because nowadays my brother is often busy .
I can go all over the USA without any problems and I can help the staff to get around if needed since I have a driving license .
Therefore , I think that I am a suitable person for the job .
Last night , I went to a restaurant with my family .
l love the place , and the nice decoration of the restaurant .
The waiter came and took the order .
My family ordered dinner , but l specially ordered pizza and Coke because l love pizza .
We ate the food and enjoyed it a lot .
l loved that day spent with my family .
l hope l can go at weekends with my family and friends .
This report is about how my city takes care of the environment .
The evolution of my city is more or less similar to the evolution of my country .
I live in the center of Spain , in a small city .
When I was a child , my city was dirty because people threw their rubbish on the floor .
However , a few years ago , the government has paid more attention to the environment of our country . For example , they did a lot of advertising on television , in newspapers and on the internet to explain that rubbish is not good for our world .
Nowadays , we can see in all the streets a lot of bins and it is difficult to see rubbish on the floor because many people clean the city .
Also , children must clean their school once a month .
These types of actions produce good habits in our society .
In the future , we must make an effort to improve our environment because we will want to give the same world or , if it is possible , a better world than before to our children .
Nobody can deny that transportation is one of the most important things in our life .
No country can live without transportation as it 's the real means of connection with each other .
Cars are much more convenient , but this does not mean that all other means of transportation are not important .
Sometimes , many people want to travel far away over long distances , so they need planes .
Other people prefer to travel by train as it 's faster and more comfortable than cars .
Many people like to travel by bike in order to decrease the pollution which is caused by car exhaust . From my point of view , I prefer travelling by car , which is more comfortable .
Now in every country we have a lot of means of transport , such as planes , trains , undergrounds , cars , ships , and rockets .
Public transportation is the main way to deliver people everywhere in a short time . In the past , they had to use camels to travel , which wasted a lot of time and caused tiredness .
Today our life is running by clock .
We need a vehicle to reach our workplace .
If we use public transport services ,
we may be late getting to our office / work place .
So we must use a private vehicle .
Everybody thinks public transport is not comfortable for us , but environmentally , public transport is good for decreasing pollution and our energy sources are also decreasing .
In Lublin there is a beautiful castle .
It is my favourite place in Lublin .
It is located next to the Old Town .
It was built in the twelfth century .
The castle 's architecture is in the Neo - Gothic style .
In the castle there is the Holy Trinity Chapel .
It is in the Gothic style .
It was built as a foundation of King Casimir the Great .
This is one of the most valuable monuments in Poland .
There is a tower by the castle in the Roman style .
This tower is a precious monument of Roman art and it is one of the oldest buildings in Lublin .
It was a part of the borough of Castellan .
The castle also has a courtyard .
These days , in the castle there is a museum .
It is one of the oldest and the biggest museums in eastern Poland .
This museum has monuments of the superiority .
In my opinion , it 's one of the most fascinating places in Poland and the most wonderful site in Lublin . I think that everyone should visit this castle .
The restaurant that I will talk is Woody Pool .
Woody Pool is in Spain .
This restaurant has a good atmosphere because there are always people laughing and talking about funny things .
The food in this restaurant is very good and has a larger than normal size because it is much bigger than the usual food .
The famous dish of this restaurant is a huge hamburger .
This restaurant will be an amazing place to the call meet there because , like I said before , the atmosphere and food are amazing .
In my opinion , public transport will become more and more important in the future . Travelling by car may be convenient , but it also brings air pollution and traffic jams .
If there were only cars in a city , the city would n't have enough parking spaces and roads , all the cars would jam the city , and people would n't get to their destinations .
On the other hand , cars need more gasoline than buses , which emit CO2 and other kinds of waste gases into the air , leading to serious air pollution .
So , what we need is to devote much more money and time to improving the public transport .
Public transport will have a bright future ; in contrast , travelling by car will vanish from our lives .
My favorite way of travelling is by train .
The plane is faster than other ways to travel .
However , the plane is the most dangerous way to travel .
Boat is cheaper than other ways to travel .
However , boat is the slowest way to travel .
So , train is an intermidiate way to travel .
My favourite sport is boxing .
Because I like boxing .
I like fighting , because I like to hit people .
I started this sport when I was 11 years old . My dad let me go boxing and I started that sport .
Then I started to go with my friends .
I started leading trener in the competition and I love this sport .
My favourite boxer is Floyd Mayweather .
He is very good at this sport .
Today , people use more cars , which leads to more cars on the street , traffic and pollution .
I think is a better idea that people use public transportation instead of using private cars or motorcycles .
First , people do not have to buy their own cars .
Accordingly , people do not have to spend lots of money on the gas that they have to fill the tank with .
Also , they do not have to find a place to park either .
Therefore , these are the reasons why I agree with the form to reduce congestion and air pollution by encouraging people to use private cars less and turn to using more public transportation and other forms for transportation .
It was a cold night when I was at home watching my favourite programme on telly , called " Dare to Win " . I was with my brother when we decided to call . The programme is about questions for the contestants that must be answered in time , and there are different things for the winner .
A few minutes later , we were listening to ourselves on the programme . We were so nervous , but it was exciting for us . Our goal on the programme was to get a free ticket to the most popular electronic party in the world .
Despite our nerves , we did well and our dream came true . Yeah , we 'll be glowing in the dark !
Funding for the English Language Club
As the secretary of the English Language club , I am writing this proposal to persuade you as to why it would benefit both the students and the college if we received funding from you .
Dear sir or madam ,
I am writing to apply for the job in the USA published in an advertisement last Monday .
I have recently finished my course in English in Cambridge , so I have fresh and improved English .
In order to help organise sports and evening activities , I am a young person of 12 years old .
Many people say that there is no future for public transport as cars are now so much cheaper and easier to buy .
Additionally , because public transport is expensive and does not have a comprehensive coverage of most cities , private cars are more attractive for most people .
Dear Bob .
I went to our new shopping centre last week in the downtown .
Actually , I am very happy to tell you that we have a lot of new stores , including an Apple store .
Long ago we had no stores to buy products or whatever we needed .
However , from now on , we can buy what we really need . On the other hand , this shopping centre may help a lot of people get back to working again .
A few weeks ago I went into the Apple store , and I bought a new mobile phone . It is awesome because it has reliable tools which allow me to do my daily work .
Some people say that a trip by car is more convenient than by public transport , but that statement has a lot of issues if we think about the limitations .
It is true that when travelling to a nearby place from your city , it is more comfortable getting there by car , because of the ease of having your car to get wherever you want without spending money and time taking cabs .
But public transport has a future for a lot of reasons . First , time . If the place you want to reach is really far , the different types of vehicles of public transport will get you there faster than your car . Also , the complications about the field , like if you want to go from America to Europe , there is no highway that crosses the ocean . You need an airplane and , unless you have one , you will not be able to achieve travel between continents with your car . A different reason is politics , because if you want to go from anywhere in the USA to Alaska , you will not need to pass through Canada . Comfort is a really important reason , because driving for 8 hours is exhausting and it will also be unsafe . Economics is a factor too , because the wear and tear on your car will be more than in normal use and the price of food and extra stops that you will need to do . It will be more expensive than on public transport .
In conclusion , for me , it is a lie that public transport has no future . However , they have to make improvements to this , like the use of better types of fuel or energy . One way is using renewable sources of energy , such as solar , haeolic ( wind ) or hydraulic(water),Also , there are biodiesel and gasoline extracted from seaweed .
And public transport will be more important in a few years from now .
Dear Anne , Thank for your letter asking about my family and my friends .
Saying that , my family is the best and they love me very much .
I have a father , a mother and a brother .
My brother lives in Barcelona with his girlfriend and he is very happy with her .
I live with my parents in Lagartera and I am very happy as they help me .
Also , I have a lot of friends .
They are wonderful because they are always there when I need them .
Nowadays , it is possible to find any kind of TV programme you want and , yes , I consider that there is a lot of sport on television , but not too much .
People 's way of life has become more and more stressful .
When somebody gets home , he wants only to relax in front of the television .
Besides this , TV companies have understood sports provide this relaxing moment , mainly for men .
So they put on more and more sports programmes on television .
In this view , I think that though there are lots of sports on television , there are not too many , because people have looke for it .
In conclusion , I think that TV companies only want to sell their product and the people want to have their relaxing moment with the sports programmes .
Last summer , we went to Córdoba to attend a very important dance competition ...
We left our city on Monday , and we arrived in Carlos Paz on Thursday .
We stayed in one of the most beautiful hotels in that place , with a nice view and with nice people around .
When the day came , we performed an amazing choreography and we went back home with 3 gold medals .
We really enjoyed this experience , just because we shared it as friends and we took dance lessons with the most professional and prestigious dance teachers in the world .
The album American Beauty/ American psycho is the sixth album released this year by the well - known American rock band Fall out boy , which has a huge following in several countries .
The album , with eleven tracks that reached number one , won gold and silver awards for the best - selling in various countries , such as the USA , Canada and the UK .
This American band is known for their lyrics that something different from other bands , something close to an emotional statement .
Even in this album , the band abandon their own roots and add a bite of the pop genre to it .
I really recommend this album because of the lyrics and the sound , because it grabs you , almost like great poetry .
I agree with the statement that people 's lives will change dramatically in the next years , for previsible reasons that I will explain in the following text .
Firstly , the biggest reason that people 's lives will dramatically change in the future is because of technology .
Technology is increasing throughout the world .
New technology has improve systems in many areas of society , mainly in information systems .
Information via the Internet had beem more quickly each day and it is reaching all parts of the world .
Furthermore , things and processes are evolving .
People 's lives are getting easier and more comfortable .
In industry , big machines are making new products for our benefit .
However , the advancement of technology , besides bringing advantages for everyone , will also cause disadvantages , such as unemployment , because machines will do the same work or work better than humans .
That 's why I agree that people 's lives will change dramatically in the next 50 years .
USA Summer Camp , I am interested in he vacancy at the summer camp .
I 'm a cheerful , diligent and organized person .
And I also love children .
I am accustomed to working with children because the last two summers I worked in summer camps and I have two little sisters that I love and who I spend a lot of time taking care of .
I am a hardworking and committed person in all respects .
These are the reasons why I 'm great for this job .
Also , the last summers helped me to be prepared for more things that children demand .
For example , I learned about organization , how to control big groups of children , and entertaining activities for children .
I hope you are interested in my application .
I will be waiting for your answer and thank you for your time .
Nowadays , the cost of buying a car that can take the whole family is not expensive anymore .
The car is not an expensive thing to have anymore .
As we know , the privilege of having a journey by car is more convenient than by public transport .
We can stop anywhere we want to stop .
We can visit every place with no time limitations .
If there was someone who asked me " What is your favorite sport ? and why do you enjoy it ? " I would tell them that my favorite sport is soccer because it has let me know how important teamwork is and I could always feel that there was a kind of power , like someone putting me into the water from a high place , to push me to run and kick the ball .
I have to say that feeling was really awesome .
It made me feel like happiness was running throughout my body .
I would suggest to people who want to start this sport , first you must find five to six friends to make a team , and then look for other friends to make another team , so that you can compete with each other to get the highest score .
Second , all you have to do is warm up your body , if you do n't warm it up before the race , you might hurt yourself .
Third , all you can do is play for fun with your friends .
Which is it the best ?
Public transport , our cars or natural transport such as a bike .
My teacher said that public transport has no future in our society , because travelling by car is so much more convenient . Nevertheless , I disagree with her opinion because if we use public transport we will pollute less .
No one can deny the importance of travelling .
Without travelling , people would be very bored , life would be very monotonous .
So , in the future we will dispense with types of transportation .
These days , we use cars to travel between countries .
Cars are very easy to use .
People ca n't dispense with cars these days .
Families ca n't dispense with cars .
So we should know the right way to drive .
We should be careful when we drive .
We should be careful of careless drivers .
We have searched to find the model of the 300 kw turbine on Zafrana and we did n't find the 300 kw turbine on Zafrana .
The capacity of used wind turbines on zafrana is 600 kw , 680 kw and 850 kw according to this site .
We searched for and found the 300 kw turbine is installed on Ras Ghareb in the Red Sea not on Zafrana and its model is Nordtank NTK 300 .
Which capacity and model will we work on ?
Nowadays people use cars a lot .
In the past , it was n't like that . People did not have cars . They just relied on public transport .
They had no choice , because life was difficult , and they had no money .
There were not any company cars , but now most people have cars .
There are a few people who use public transport , like students and people who have a low income . In my view , I can say the public transport might be going to e close because nobody is going to beclose
Last week my class and another one went on a school trip in Sicily .
We visited many cities , like Taormina , Siracusa , Agrigento , Marsala and Trapani , and we saw a lot of historical Greek monuments .
We stayed in three different hotels and , one day , we also went to the sea in Giardini Naxos .
The best thing I saw was the Valley of the Temples , because there were a lot of ancient temples and monuments and ruins and they were really beautiful and , also , the view was amazing !
That day , we had a great time and it was sunny and hot . I took a lot of photos and I learned new information about those important buildings .
It was a fantastic trip and I hope to do similar trips like that !
People are interested in everything unknown , mysterious and incredible .
They look for new experiences .
Nowadays , a very popular topic among teenagers is the existence of extra - terrestrials .
To be honest , I do n't believe in UFOs .
In the world there have been recorded a lot of cases where UFOs have been seen .
Stories about UFOs started in antiquity .
On the walls of caves are sketches and paintings which show strange creatures and flying saucers .
universe is expanding and we still know little about it .
Maybe we are not alone and UFOs exist ?
In addition , more and more scientists agree that aliens really exist .
I am a person that likes going to do exercise . For this reason , I like doing some sports , but the truth is that my favorite sport in the world is soccer .
I believe that playing soccer is an excellent activity , because in every game that people might like , there always has to be some rules .
These kinds of rules are very important , in my opinion , because when you do an activity and comply with the rules you are being a better person .
He is an important person because he is the president of the government in Spain .
He is very ambitious and polite .
He has been done several laws again Spanish citizens .
He studied a degree in law at university .
When Aznar was president of the government before him , he was like a minister .
I have been playing this sport since twelve years ago . This sport has taught me to respect others and not to assault them.there is the only reason that makes me choose this sport is that I do n't want to be weak . I would n't like to be nothing in this country that has a rule : the strong dominate the weak . When I step foot in the gym , I forget everything : school , home ... . Therefore , I enjoy it .
I ca n't imagine my life without taekwondo . It is in my blood , my soul . Taekwondo is not a violent sport as many people say , but what you have to know is what is in the brain and the heart of players .
I just got the 1st degree international black belt and I would like to tell anyone just starting this sport to use their abilities and skills for the right things .
A story
This is my older brother 's story .
One day , my older brother went to a park where we often go to play tennis . He saw a boy who was holding a red hat crying on the branch , not knowing what to do . He stood behind a big tree and looked at the boy .
A few minutes later , some boy who looked older than my old brother approached the poor little boy . The little boy stopped crying , he My brother felt afraid because they looked like rube , but but he still wanted to help the little boy .
Suddenly , a rube boy grabbed the little boy 's clothes . The little boy cried out loudly . My brother was outraged . He ran at the rube boy and attacked him .
The little boy more and more sadly , tears rolled down from his eyes . My brother felt sorry for him . He gave the little boy his smartphone and put on some good music . The little boy stopped crying and started to smiled .
In the evening , the little boy 's mother came to take him home . He told his mother what had happened that day , and his mother smiled at my brother , and took the little boy home . My brother smiled and went home .
It was a sunny day . Like every day , Sara woke up and had breakfast with her children , then she went to her job .
When she had arrived at her office she had a phone call from the hospital .
They told her that her brother had had a car accident . First of all , she was shocked ,
Then she went quickly to the train station and she bought a ticket to London . When she was on the train , she had another phone call .
They told her that she had to bring $ 100,000 so they could do the surgery on her brother .
The woman 's name was Sara .
She came from a poor family and she lived with her children .
Her husband had died a long time ago .
in a car accident . When she heard what had happened to her brother , she was so anxious . Then a miracle happened . She found a big suitcase on the train she decided to open the bag because no one was on the train . So she opened the bag and she was surprised when she saw a lot of money inside the bag .
However , she took half of the money because of her brother .
After that , she went to the hospital
and paid the money for her brother 's surgery .
The surgery was successful .
Chichen - Itza is one of the seven wonders of the world .
It is located in Yucatan , Mexico .
It is very important because this was a city and a very important ceremonial center .
The Kukulkan tower is the must important part of this place .
There are other areas like " El juego de pelota " , which means the Ball Game . There is also a very important " Cenote " where they used to sacrifice pretty young girls to their gods .
Our Future Lives :
The past has already happened , we can not change it .
We do not know what 's coming in the future .
But we live in the present ; we live in the moment and benefit from it to the maximum .
If you ask someone about the future , the answers will be different , but all will be around two main topics , they will be either optimistic the about future or pessimistic about the future .
As far as I am concerned ,
I do believe that people 's lives in the future will change for the worse .
Not because I am a pessimist but due to several factors and conditions . Allow me to explain my opinion .
Firstly , we are living in an unstable world .
It is true that every day we have new innovations which help people and make their lives easier .
But from life 's experiences we can learn that the hidden target of human beings is not to help each other to lessen the burden of life .
Humans are looking for power and they apply the law of the jungle , the strongest beat the weakest .
To illustrate .
There is a categorisation of countries ; there are developed countries , emerging ones and countries on the way to development .
Who classified those countries like this ?
What are the criteria of this ranking ? and ...
These questions and a lot of queries of many people looking for a convenient answer .
Hence , the above indicated details support the idea that there will be a change in people 's lives but in a negative direction .
In addition , a general view of human innovation shows that the majority of people 's creations have a bad effect . This effect exists even in people 's lives or in themselves .
And unfortunately , this bad impact exists in almost all areas of life .
For example .
Chemical drugs can help people to heal and recover from diseases , but they have another hidden effect .
This effect always leaves people suffering later , after use .
Therefore , The aforementioned information above shows that our future could be worse than our present .
To summarize , people 's lives see fast change and development , but generally , this evolution affects people .
We should live in a stable and peaceful world .
We must stop all wars , conflicts , and impose human principles and values .
The restaurant I 'm going to review is called Tintos y Rubias and is located in downtown Montevideo .
It specializes in barbecue , beers and wines .
The building is quite wide and at the front you can see a huge welcome sign .
The restaurant has a rustic design and it has outdoor tables .
The service provided by the restaurant is exceptional . For example , the waiting time is very short .
And it is very well organised .
In terms of food quality , the standard is extraordinary . They are well known for their roast meat .
There will be a future for public transport .
Petrol will run out in a few years .
We can produce electricity by creating wind wheels and water wheels .
Trains are going to be used forever .
Public transport is going to be used more than ever .
There wo n't be enough space on the roads for cars one day .
There is a hotly debated issue relating to whether students should take at least one year to work or travel before they go to university .
And the topic of people 's views can be approached from different angles due to its complexity .
Some people support this " gap year " theory , while others seem to disagree .
After carefully considering this issue , I also develop my own points of view .
I favor the former statement . That is , I think students should have a gap year before they go to university , based on n1 , n2 .
Dear teacher ,
I disagree with you about the future of public transport .
I am sure that there is a good future for it .
Every day , the fuel that we use in our cars is more expensive than using public transport .
Nowadays , people use their cars to travel for work , for holidays ...... but if the petrol were cheaper , they could travel a lot .
It would be a good idea if taxes were cheaper than the taxes on other things such tobacco , alcohol ....
Thus , people could spend their free time travelling and having a good time .
What do you think about that ?
Although traveling by car is really interesting , using public transport still has its advantages . By using public transport you 're saving effort . When driving a car for a long distance , you will get tired . Some people do n't have enough money to buy their own car .
I saw you uploading the cat in the glass bottle on Facebook .
I want to say a few words .
Maybe you just think it 's fun but it 's been a good cause for your cat because of you r joke .
If you want to raise animals , you must take care of them , love them and treat them like family .
Although they are not human , they also have feelings .
Once you raise it , it will regard you as its owner .
It relies on you alone .
I hope you will decide to cats do not let it hurt in future .
Furthermore , your abuse of the cat has violated not only ethics but also the law .
I hope you can take down the photos of the cat being abused and you can really reflect . Do n't repeat the same mistakes .
Keeping a cat is not a simple matter and it needs real love and good care .
So if you decide to keep the cat must be the best , you can spend more time with the cat .
Always pay attention to whether the cat has been sick .
In the holidays you can go for a walk with a cat .
It is not a difficult thing to do .
As long as you are determined , you will be able to become a good master .
The diagrams below show the five stages of the process of making bank notes .
Design is the first stage , which includes three parts : background , artwork and security issues .
After the preparing of metal plates by skilled machinists , they take sheets of bank notes . There are three requirements for this : colour on both sides , special ink and images that are slightly raised .
The most important step is inspection : printed sheets are manually inspected .
If you apply a for job like this you must be the person who already been applied this job USA SUMMER CAMPS
Why should I get this job ?
Because I really love to work with people of all ages , and I would like to have this post and I 'm an energetic and hardworking person .
Therefore , looking after children aged 8 - 12 years is n't an easy task , but as a father or parent you must always give them good care in terms of your responsibilities .
Working in the kitchens means doing all about i.e cleaning and washing the floors .
Best regards
There is no future for public transport . That is true , but I think that people are very comfortable and do n't think about the environment .
On the other hand , public transport is the cheapest way to travel , although people do n't think of that aspect .
Secondly , you can drive your car everywhere . It does n't matter what time it is or where you would like to go . Travelling by car is much more convenient and comfortable than travelling by bus , by subway or by train .
You can put all the bags that you want to take in your car .
These aspects or advantages are all that I can say about this topic .
Hello ,
My name is Anna . I am a very cheerful person and I have a creative personality , so I enjoy planning activities or organising sport events in a special and colorful way .
I really love children and taking care of them . I also have experience of working in summer camps and had a good experience making delicious food because I already did these things in other camps .
I think that I have given good reasons and I hope that you will accept me .
Goodbye . Anna .
cellphone
I chose this invention that I think helped humanity to communicate more easily .
Motorola was the first to do something to a mobile phone . It was on 3 April 1973 and the first to do so was an employee of Martin Cooper .
Cooper made mobile phone history in April 1973 when he made the first ever call on a handheld mobile phone .
After that , with the new technology they could invent new and better dispositives for the needs of users
" taken from https://www.uswitch.com/mobiles/guides/history-of-mobile-phones/ "
Dear diary
Today was a good day . Not every day is as good as this was .
It started when I woke up around seven o'clock and I was n't tired at all .
I walked out to the kitchen and saw my mother cooking breakfast for me .
It smelled terrific , and tasted so good .
It was pancakes and egg with bacon .
After that I played with my brothers out in the garden .
They usually do n't want to be with me , but today we played all day long .
It was such fun and I could n't stop smiling .
The weather was also good today . The sun was shining and there were no clouds in the sky .
EstiNet Technologies Inc. provides reliable technical support to our valued customers .
Technical support can be provided through emails , telephone calls , or video conferencing .
Different levels of technical support can be arranged and purchased at different prices .
My wife and I went to Ushuaia for four days but on the second day we realised that my wife had forgotten her glasses so we decided to come back .
When we arrived , there were a lot of Matias ' friends in our house listening to loud music , playing games and drinking .
We told them that they had to leave our house immediately .
When everyone was out , we told Matias off because he organised a party without our permission .
He told us that he was really embarrassed about what had happened and he apologised for his attitude .
In my opinion , in future people wo n't use public transport .
It will not be trendy because everybody will have his own car .
These cars will use alternative energy , for example energy from the Sun .
Modern science is trying to find new , more economic sources of energy .
Do you have a best friend in your life ?
What is the meaning of friend ?
A friend is a person who will be there in your hard times and happy times , and a friend always encourages you in all the things you choose in your life .
A friend will also be there when you are sad and in worse times . There is no ex'friend so respect your friend and they will respect you more .
Secondly , the student who has a good body shape can easily make new friends , and joining a sports team allows students to maintain a good body shape .
For instance , students joining a sports team need to do some basic physical training to maintain their body shape .
According , for a boy or girl , having strong muscles can make them look more attractive .
Therefore , the student joining a sports team can maintain a good body shape and it will let students more easily make new friends .
Peter looked at his watch and knew he had to do something immediately .
It is said that when you survive a situation which has taken you to the limit , you change .
And you can never return to being the person you used to be .
You are no more the person that people knew .
But you do n't care about it .
Every hard situation can be got over easily when you make a big effort .
Peter had been thinking about this secret party for months , since the time he knew his mother was healed .
He had been taking care of her , so he was prevented from going to university .
He had to refuse all his dreams suddenly .
However , destiny had given him another chance to follow them .
Despite his strange behaviour , Peter 's mum did n't expect it at all .
She felt blessed as she had been given such a perfect son .
It is said to happen once in a lifetime .
Peter had been kissed by his mum before , but this time was quite different .
Maybe he did n't notice it at all , but it was a farewell .
Now Peter could fly on his own .
The environment is a combination of the air , earth , water and forest and all these things are interlinked with each other .
Most importantly , all species of animals and human beings are a part of this ecosystem .
The human being is the most wise and intelligent of all of these .
However , he is mainly responsible for disturbing this ecosystem through various activities .
Let 's talk about one of them , which is ' cleanliness ' . Nowadays , we all know that we are spreading garbage near our houses and offices .
This may be due to people not being aware of the consequences of this bad habit - spreading the rubbish .
But , these days , with education , people are becoming more sensitive and responsible towards the environment .
Along the same lines , inhabitants of my village do lots of work to make their area clean and hygienic .
They collect household waste in a dustbin and dispose of it by the proper standard procedure .
They collect and segregate the rubbish into separate containers .
For example , they collect plastic waste in a yellow dustbin , while liquid and solid , degradable waste goes in a red container .
This makes it easy and convenient to identify the waste types .
To conclude , I would like to say that , nowadays , people are becoming more aware and environment - conscious through education .
Today in my class there was a discussion on television and education .
Television is an object that helps people to know the news in real time .
There are advantages and disadvantages ; television can also cause a dependence , cartoons and " stupid " programs can harm young people most .
Today , there are many children that have a dependence on television , they prefer to stay at home to watch the various children 's TV programs , while once our parents preferred hanging out with their friends .
Television can be a useful instrument if it is used with caution . Therefore , I recommend using it less to prevent damage to the mind .
I am concerned about pollution .
This issue has became a big problem to solve .
In order to help reduce pollution , I take action using the three " Rs " : reduce , reuse and recycle , so I am more and more eco - friendly .
I reduce the use of unnecesary power at home . In other words , I turn on a light that I need while I use it ; I take cooler showers ; I heat only the necessary rooms .
In order to reuse , I convert all things reusable , for example , a plastic bottle as a plant pot ; a glass bottle as a food container . I take my reusable shopping bag and refuse to use a plastic shopping bag if a salesman offers me one .
Recycling is another way to be ecological .
Today , we have more items to recycle as long as we clean them properly and put them in the proper bin , which will be used by specialized factories to make them into other items .
As long as I try to keep doing things in an eco - friendly way , I realize that I am giving a little from my side and I feel I am caring for my environment .
Hello ! ! How are you ! ?
I am going to Spain to visit my grandparents .Then I am going to Paris to look forward my aunt .
Next I am going to Italy to see the Pope . If you want I am going to Barcelona and I would like to go with you .
See you soon ! !
PS : we have to meet
Hi Jo ,
In my opinion , it is a good idea to spend some time travelling , because you will have an opportunity to think about your future , but in my city , because of the crisis , there is very little work for anyone .
Here , there are monuments , churches or famous people and perhaps in the future you would like to become a history teacher .
Although now that the holidays are coming , they need people to help and ride the amusement park or work the lights of the fair .
If you come to Linares , you could amuse yourself , and if you come forward to work you can do it .
You have to come here because Holy Week in Linares is nice and the show is spectacular and if you want to have fun , I like the bulls .
I hope to see you soon
Sonia
Hi Sara ,
It was great to hear from you .
It 's a very difficult decision for me too .
But if you want to decide , I 'll try to help you .
On the one hand , you need a sport to keep fit .
On the other hand , music is the best for relaxing and enjoying yourself .
Well , I think you should n't give up either .
You can devote more time to doing both .
If I were you , I would go running in the morning and I would go to music classes after lunch .
So , you can do both .
I hope this helps you and you will make the best decision .
Lots of love
Fira
I agree with this affirmation because public transport is more expensive than a car , is slow and is less economical .
A car is less expensive , more comfortable , faster and safer .
Every time a car is used and more economic .
In my opinion , the car is more advantageous than the car and the car is more useful .
To my mind , this is not right .
First of all , travelling by car is very expensive .
For example , travelling by train is cheaper and travelling by plane is faster .
Secondly , it 's not comfortable , because you drive every day instead of relaxing and enjoying the environment .
Using public transport has certain advantages and also , disadvantages .
It is said that people prefer going by bus to a nearby place , but some of them do n't think the same .
Public transport has plenty of advantages .
Some people ca n't afford to buy a car or to pay for petrol , as the price is constantly rising , so using public transport is an economical way to travel .
On the other hand , it helps to reduce the pollution made by cars , ..
Besides , it will always be useful for people who ca n't drive .
Many people admit that if they could buy a car , they would do it .
The reason is they are tired of using public transport and they would get everywhere faster .
In the future , cars will be so cheap that everyone will have one . Thus , it will mean the end of public transport .
To sum up , I would say that people will use public transport more and more , as petrol is getting expensive .
The picture illustrate the process of making notes .
This includes some of the most important steps .
Design is the first and the most important process .
It is the first step that costs troublesome , some . Some things must be included in the considerations , such as background colour , artwork , security issues .
Then , preparation of the metal plates and skilled machinists are needed .
Printing is the next step . Usually , sheets of bank notes are printed , because there are some special requirements for the printing ; colour of both sides , special ink , images slightly raised .
The last step is the inspection . Sheets are manually inspected .
The inspection always has three results : the good quality sheets , the bad sheets and the partially damaged sheets .
If the printed sheets are good quality , they will be packed and distributed . Some partially damaged sheets will be cut into separate or packed or dispatched . The bad sheets will be disposed on . The destruction will be secure .
My favorite sport is swimming .
I have been going swimming since 1998 , when I was ten years old .
I like swimming because I feel a good sensation and my health is good .
At the moment I do n't practice because I do not have time , but a miss it !
Now I go to the gym and do weight lifting three times a week . Aerobic exercise every day and yoga twice a week !
I always feel very well after coming back from the gym .
Often I go to the gym with my friend , Vanessa ,
but when she ca n't go , I go alone .
I always go !
My coach is very friendly and helps me .
Television is one of the most important AV media in the world .
You can use it for many purposes , according to your needs . There are a lot of channels playing many roles . For instance , education , movies , songs , sports , news and so on . Television is not only for entertainment , but also for education . Television can entertain you through it s entertainment channels , and television can educate you through it s educational channels .
In this day and age , most people have their own car or vehicle for their transportation .
It is also convenient for people who are rushing to work , meetings and so on .
However , I do not agree with this statement , because public transport is needed for people who do not have vehicles or during economic downturns .
Public transport is cheap and friendly to the environment .
Firstly , the fare for public transport is cheaper compared with buying a new car .
People do not need to save large amounts of money to buy a car .
They can use the money in a more useful or meaningful way , such as for investment in property .
The fare for public transport is less than owning a vehicle when you compare bus fares to filling a whole tank with petrol .
Some more money is needed to pay a parking fee for parking .
Secondly , air pollution is a serious problem nowadays .
Because everybody has to leave for another place in their own car and carbon dioxide is released from cars .
Public transport is a way to reduce air pollution , because it can carry more than a dozen times the people at a time and reduce the number of people travelling in their own vehicle .
So , it can also help to reduce the traffic jam problem .
Lastly , public transport is always blamed by people for being slow and more trouble than using their own vehicle .
Although public transport is slow , it also does not take a long time for people to reach their destination , because public transport nowadays is faster and enough .
In conclusion , public transport is needed by everybody in a necessary time .
It can always make us save money and make the environment more natural and fresh .
Nowadays , the space needed for countries enlarges , whereas the area for farmland , forests and wetland is getting smaller .
This kind of situation brings all kinds of problems for mankind and animals .
The large - scale building projects have taken the space which should belong to the animals .
The food for them and their living space might not be enough .
Some kinds of animals will move to the urban areas , steal food from us and sleep on the streets or in the underground .
Although most of them might be caught , only a small number of them might be adopted by friendly humans .
On the other hand , the expansion of a city increases pollution and all kinds of garbage . The air pollution is much more serious now , and seeing blue sky is almost impossible in some big cities .
Although the medical skills are getting better , the percentage of people who get cancer is still increasing .
In conclusion , large - scale building projects take the living resources from animals , increase the possibility of getting cancer , and so on .
Only if the government develop more technical property , pay , pay more attention to environmental protection , such as planting more trees and grass in the cities , and bringing in a special law for those missed animals will we help decrease the harm that building projects do to us .
For me , my family members are not my best friends although I wish they were .
If they are your best fiends , they will guide you and help you to be the best of you , they wo n't hurt you or turn their backs on you .
But on the other hand , you may be punished or they may yell at you when you do something wrong .
So it is not always a good thing , unless they are open - minded or have their own methods to punish you in a gentle way that wo n't make you regret telling them your faults or mistakes .
Dear Sir / Madam ,
I am writing to apply for a job on a summer camp .
My name is Jenny Wang and I am the right person for the job .
I was born in 1989 and I have lived in Los Angeles since 2000 .
I come from a large family and I have two younger sisters aged 10 and 12 .
To introduce my skills , I passed all my exams in English at school and I can speak English well .
I also have experience with teenagers through my sisters and I will look after them as I take care of my sisters .
Additionally , I am a hard worker and an active person .
Regarding the work conditions , thank you for providing meals and accommodation and I am willing to cover the cost of the flight .
Finally , I am the right person for the job and I will do my best if I have the chance to work for summer camp 2014 .
Thank you very much for your time and I look forward to receiving positive news from you .
Yours faithfully ,
Jenny Wang
First of all , I wanted to say sorry about a boring life .
Sometimes I felt lonely , that I meant .
You knew everything about my health . I 've never hidden this information from you .
From the first time , I said to you that I had a problem with my health , but you answered : it does not matter .
I felt so bad in the car .
I felt that I could lose consciousness . That 's why I removed the bracelet .
I really do n't feel any guilt .
I talked about everything .
Hello Lara .
I am glad to hear from you .
I am 24 years old . I am from Lviv Ukraine .
My hobbies are football and gym .
I have got 1 brother , Petr .
I am a PhD student in university .
I am studying environmental science .
Evgeni .
Welcome to this town .
We are here to introduce you to the shopping facilities and shops in this town .
Washing you enjoy it .
There are several big plazas in the center of the town .
You can walk there in about ten minutes from the station or go there by bus .
There are shops , restaurants and cinemas in these plazas , including some well - known brands .
You may be energetic or crazy by these charming shops where you are walking around .
If you feel like eating something , there are a lot of well - known restaurants , and they have different countries ' dishes .
You can choose the taste you like .
After a long day of shopping , you might have spent all your money .
There 's a bank in each plaza .
So , you can enjoy your time without money problems .
At night , there 's another side to this town .
You can see all the streets are adorned by lighting .
This is one of the sort of the best quality here .
You might have a walk around after supper .
My father
My father 's name is Zaheer Arat . He is very loving and caring . He gives us all the facilities one should have and dream of . He provides all the facilities to us , for example , the internet and books , so that we can learn better and can be good students and get good marks in the examination . He always encourages us and says do n't be afraid of anything because you are braver than anything else . My brothers and I are proud of my father . He is very hard - working and brave . He has a smiley face . He always tries to make other people laugh with his jokes . He always listens to what we want . He never ever ignores us .
Dear friend ,
Many thanks for your letter and your acceptance of my invitation .
I am so happy you have finally decided to visit my country .
Listen , I will tell you about getting to my apartment .
There are several types of transport in my town .
But if you land early in the morning , the most convenient and fast transport is taxi , which does n't cost much to my house .
In the spring there is mild weather , approximately 20 - 25 degrees .
There is the possibility of rain .
So you can bring light and waterproof clothes .
I 'd better stop now and get ready for your visit .
I hope you 'll enjoy my country .
Give my love to your family .
Please write to me soon .
I 'm looking forward to seeing you in April !
All the best
Mari
Hello Sam .
Thank you very much for writing me this letter .
Now , to answer your question , I have many favourite places near my town because I live in a lovely little town , but there is one place that is special to me : ' A Fervenza do Pedregal ' . '
A fervenza do pedregal ' is located in my town , Tomiño , in Spain .
It is a very quiet place . Because of its location , in the middle of the forest , only a few people know how to get there .
You can only get to ' A Fervenza ' by walking or riding a bike , but it is impossible to get there by any other ways .
It is an incredible forest , the ground is covered in low grass and there is a little river where you can swim . It is the perfect place to have a quiet day .
That is all I can tell you about this place . I hope that my answer will help you with your project .
Greetings , Xabier Morales .
What is your last name ?
Do you mean surname ?
Yes .
My surname is Baek .
Are you married ?
No . I 'm single .
A pretty girl like you is still single ?
Stop it . I have been single for a while .
My favourite sport is volleyball .
I 've been playing this sport since I was six years old .
I say to people that want to try this sport that it ' s easy if you love it .
You are at an advantage if you start when you are young .
This sport can help your health and anyone can learn to play volleyball .
In Italy , volleyball is very common , especially in my region .
If you try this sport in the wrong way you could have health problems . For example , you could have problems with your hands , in your neck and in your legs .
Hi Lara ,
My name is Jose .. I 'm 25 years old and I 'm from Madrid , Spain .
My hobbies are going out and travelling around the world .
I love music like you and my favorite group is U2 .
Do you like it ?
I 'm an only child and I study Marketing in the morning and work in the evening in a mall .
Do you like studying Law ?
I look forward to hearing your news soon .
Jose
Hello , my name is Sophie Nielsen . I was born in 2002 in Sweden and I still live here .
I have got one sister named Ingrid and she is 8 years old .
In my spare time , I like to hang out with friends and play soccer .
I also do homework but it 's not something I do because I like it .
The accomplishment I am the most proud of was when I scored four goals in a soccer game .
The best place I have visited is my house in Spain .
I would like to change the fact that I do n't read so much , because it 's easier to learn things if you read .
Three words that I can describe myself with are :
1 .
funny
2 . kind
3 . awesome
I think people will be surprised to know that I was born in 2002 and not 2001 , but I was born the on first of October , so there 's not so much difference .
My favorite song is " All about that Bass " by Meghan Trainor , because the song makes me feel good and happy .
My favorite movie is " The fault in our Stars " , because it 's very good and I really like the characters and the story .
Emily knew she would have to come to a decision soon .
Two months waiting for an answer was too much time .
It was a cold night when her boyfriend asked her to marry him .
They were spending the weekend in the countryside . He had rented a cabin but he had n't checked the weather , and a strong blizzard arrived leaving them without communication by phone or by car .
The problem for Emily was that her boyfriend was as cold as the weather .
She thought he was so boring , but she did n't want to be alone . she did n't know how to live on her own and Emily was utterly terrified of being alone .
INTRODUCTION
The purpose of this report is to make people more aware of the importance of taking care of the environment in order to eradicate this problem which has serious consequences nowadays .
Acid rain and global warming are issues which have been brought about by careless people .
ADVANTAGES
on the one hand , if we avoided causing pollution in ours cities , we could have a more healthy lifestyle than in the past .
On the other hand , we help to improve and clear up the environment if we throw away the rubbish in the green points of the town .
MEASURES IN FAVOUR OF TAKING CARE OF THE ENVIRONMENT
The council is carrying out a project in order to eradicate rubbish from my town .
This project is focused on separating the rubbish at green points of the city and they also have to keep the neighbourhood as as as is possible .
CONCLUSION
To sum up , taking care of the environment should be an obligatory task for us .
The main reason for this is , provided that we bear in mind that we must collaborate with all arounds , we will keep the world on our hands .
Dear USA Summer camp
I am writing in response to your advertisement for work with children this summer in summer camps . I have looked after children aged 5 - 10 and it was a fantastic experience . I have worked at a school in North Africa as a volunteer and learnt a lot about children . I think that I 'm a suitable person for the job because I am an energetic and cheerful person and very hardworking , I love working with children and I like organising different types of activities . I 'm not very good at cooking , but I can learn very fast .
I think that I could do a fantastic job .
I would be grateful if you could send me further details about this job .
María del Mar
Combating the destruction of the environment , this is a serious problem throughout the world .
Nowadays , many trees and grassland areas are damaged in many countries , lots of building are constructed .
And people should pay attention to this problem and try to solve it .
There is no denying that the environment is changed by the behavior of people and animals .
For instance , people need too many places to build the modern society , so they cut down lots of trees , burning many grassland areas .
Another factor is that the animals do not control themselves and eat the plants leading to the destruction of the ecosystem .
Nowadays , the transportation has become more perfect , and the people 's lives have become more convenient .
Although this change makes the life of people efficient , the problem should not be ignored .
It would really be helpful if the government made tighter restrictions . In today 's world , there are lots of construction companies and factories are not admission , they are destroying the forest , farmland and wetland , discharging waste water and emitting greenhouse gas . It leads to a serious environmental problem .
So the government should oversee these companies , and if companies do not obey the rules or laws , they should be fined and closed down .
Second , the government should publicize the awareness of protection
Taking the train is more cost effective than taking a car to work , as petrol is costly and the new transportation office has reduced the cost of tickets to assist with the daily living expenses we encounter .
The other benefit of taking public transport is fewer people are taking cars , reducing the amount of toxic gases released into the environment .
Abortion is an immoral act that people perform as everyone has the chance to survive and nobody has the right to decide about anyone 's life .
Abortion has to be taken seriously in order to avoid these immoral actions , as these fetuses are being deprived of their rights , since they already have a life .
People have to be made aware about abortion in order to decrease the number of women having abort .
Furthermore , abortion is very dangerous and a great number of women have died because of this .
Children have to be protected before and after life . That is why abortion has to be stopped .
I believe public transport will have a big role in the future for several reasons :
1- Inflation in the population ; the roads will not be able to bear or endure huge numbers of cars .
2- I think in the future transport and roads will be more organized , more than these days .
3- In the future , people will be more concerned about energy , so transport will be more used .
4- Transport will be more economical than private cars .
5- Many people ca n't drive , like children and old people .
6- Not everyone has the possibility to buy a car .
Because of all these reasons , I believe transport will have a bright future .
From 1st Qtr to 2nd Qtr the sales increased by $ 100 .
Then , from 2nd Qtr to 3rd Qtr the sales increased by $ 250 .
Next , from 3rd Qtr to 4th Qtr the sales remained steady at $ 850 .
The last sales of the last year were $ 850 .
From 1st Qtr to 4th Qtr the sales increased by $ 350 .
Karate is one of the best sports I have ever enjoyed in my life . One of the reasons behind my passion for karate is that it 's a means of taming the mind and the body .
I have learned to get control of myself when someone teases me , and to be alert as well . Also , it helps me to always look slim and put me away from the ghost of obesity as well . People who want to start doing karate have to be patient .
They should immerse themselves in daily exercise as well as eat healthy meals to keep them active . for instance , it 's advised to eat large amounts of fruits and fresh vegetables because they contain a lot of vitamins that the body needs to work properly .
My favorite sports are football , basketball , Formula One and Tennis .
I started to play football when I was four years old .
My favourite team is Real Madrid and my favourite player is Cristiano Ronaldo .
He came to Real Madrid 5 years ago and he is the best player in the team .
His best friends in the team are Sergio Ramos Marcelo and Pepe .
Basketball is my second favourite sport .
I watch two matches at the weekend in the Spanish league or NBA .
I started to watch Formula One because of my father . This is his favourite sport .
Tennis is my brother 's favourite sport .
I played tennis with my brother , but he always won .
I played tennis with my brother , but he always won .
That is one of my favorite sports .
Hi Elena
How is it going ?
Thank you for your letter !
What a big surprise : you are married .
My congratulations .
I got your beautiful postcard and your invite .
I 'm very pleased to accept your invite .
Now I 'm thinking about the present . What do you like ?
I look forward to hearing from you .
Bye , Sandra
Sports are very beneficial for our health .
I like to play football because it 's a very exciting game . It takes only 90 minutes . Whenever I get the opportunity , I play football .
Driving a car while listening to music is much more fun for most people , so maybe that 's why most people love to drive rather than take public transport .
In contrast , some people hate getting caught in a traffic jam , so they prefer public transport . Some other reasons might be rising gas prices , car crashes or hating driving !
As a result , I think both driving and public transport have their roles and we need to use each one in the right situation .
I prefer to travel by train .
I have two reasons why I do .
First , there are many kinds of train .
For example , in our country , " Shinkansen " which means bullet train , is famous and very fast .
" Blue train " , which has many beds on the train and we can sleep comfortably on the train .
Thus , not only to ride but also to watch trains is very interesting for me .
Second , travelling by train is safe and reasonable compared to planes .
Recently , although there are many LCC careers we can choose , it is still expensive to travel by plane .
Travelling by train is cheep and getting a ticket is easy for us in our country .
And terrorism is scarce also .
A plane which was travelling from Egypt to Russia was exploded by terrorists last month .
Compared to the plane , the train is relatively safe because it can only move on the land .
These reasons are why I think traveling by train is best .
Hello Julia ,
How are you ?
What did you do yesterday ?
I went to the cinema to watch a comedy with my friends yesterday , but I did n't like it because it was so boring .
I prefer other kinds of films than comedy , but yesterday there were n't any good films at the cinema .
What kind of films do you like ?
I like thrillers and the action films because they are never boring .
Do you prefer watching films at home or going to the cinema ?
I prefer to watch films at the cinema because there are n't any distractions or noises and the quality of films is better .
See you soon .
Erica
Our earth is getting sick as days go by .
For example , air , water and land pollution .
There are several efforts that we can make in order to save the environment .
We should start , little by little , to help it .
First of all , I want to emphasize reducing the use of plastics .
It 's a basic thing and a habit that we can start easily on our own .
Plastics are non - biodegradable materials which decompose after 1000 years .
Non - biodegradable plastics could actually pile up in the landfill and cause the land on our earth to be occupied .
Besides , it destroys the marine ecosystem in such a way that the seabirds or fish are feeding on plastic .
This causes their reproductive systems to be destroyed .
Hence , we should bring our own recycling bag or basket every time we go shopping and resist the temptation to get plastic from the shops .
In addition , we should use public transport or carpool in order to reduce the CO2 emissions into the environment .
If the distance to the destination is short , we could replace driving with walking or cycling .
That 's the decent way to reduce the adverse environmental impact and we will be able to protect our Earth .
Since GM crop technology started to be implemented it has implied in favourable socioeconomic changes .
This technique makes weed control easier , resulting in cost savings and yield gains , leading to increased global production of crops such as corn , cotton , canola and soybeans .
He said kindly,"I bought you a present . Open it , Tom " .
Tom opened the big bag . Oh ! This is a big surprise . There was a football in it which he had always wanted to buy .
There were some words : goal ! keep going ! Keep looking ! said his mom . Look !
There was also a cup in it . It said " do n't give up on your dream , keep going!go!we stand by you ! come on "
Tom loved it . " Thanks mom , thanks dad ! " Today is the best day of my life . Thank you ! "
" You deserve them , Tom ! You worked hard all the time this year "
My name is Anna . I am one of many new students at Ton Duv Thang university .
I 'm nineteen years old and from this city but living in a dormitory at Ton Duc Thang university .
It has 58 students : 18 boys and 40 girls .
I love Ton Duc Thang university so much .
I like the friendly students and helpful teachers .
I enjoy reading books , cooking , playing with my dog and singing .
Also , I love music . I often listen to pop music , R and B , and a little Rap .
My favorite singer is Adam Livece .
These days people care about privacy and hence a personal car not only provides privacy but also convenience .
Hence , the new luxury cars are getting cheaper and more powerful .
The pace of life has been speeded up , people do n't have time to wait for a taxi or at the bus stop to get their work done , they want their work done in the blink of an eye .
So the need for buses has become unnecessary and our own cars are simply time - consuming .
Everyone has a car .
Even kids start to learn to drive at fifteen and most parents gift cars on their sixteenth birthday .
We can see the future of transportation by comparing the numbers of cars and buses .
Students have started to use their own cars rather than the bus .
So I think the future of public transportation is gloomy .
My favourite sport is cricket .
Cricket has been a part of me since when I was a kid .
Its very interesting sport .
Cricket brings a passion in me . Whenever and wherever it 's possible , I find a way to start the game .
I also watch cricket patiently .
Its known as the gentleman 's game .
The best part of this game is batting . Whether someone knows how or not , he first prefers to bat .
Batting has its own cherish .
So , so I also prefer to bat and hitting hard rather than bowl .
It 's a very simple and wonderful sport .
If you play cricket you are surely going to burn many bad calories in your body .
In India , cricket is worshipped and players are lord .
The best part of this game is you can play with every age group at the same time .
I was very interested in making my career through this , but due to my studies , I ca n't make an effort toward this goal .
So , if are going to play this sport , do note that there are some rules and be sure that you have all the safety equipment with you . Please do n't forget to take pleasure in batting first .
I hope you are going to play the best game on your part .
Next Monday , I am going to India .
I love India so much .
My friend went there . She talked to me about it so much .
Indian people make amazing food , but it 's so spicy . Indian people dance in an amazing way .
India is the seventh biggest country in the world by area .
In India , it rains from June to September .
It was my dream to go there one day .
I am going to visit Delhi and Tajmahal .
Hi Paul !
I 'm writing to you to tell you that I am coming to your home next month . I hope that you are at home because I need your help . I want to buy a present for Mary and I do not know what her favourite colour is .
Will you help me ?
What is your favourite food ?
When I stay with you I would like to go to a Spanish restaurant .
You have been my best friend since 1984 , when I was born near to your house .
Now I have lived in Badajoz for ten years . We moved here to go to the beach every day . I like the beach and the sun , especially in summer when the sun is in the sky .
I like dancing and singing too . I 'm very happy singing on the beach , especially if you are with me .
I hope to hear from you soon .
Regards ,
Kate
Yes , I think it can also educate .
As time goes by , technology is rapidly improving .
More and more gadgets are invented , such as televisions , smartphones and so on .
There are lots of pros if we watch the television properly .
Using will not only get entertainment but also acquire knowledge .
For instance , there are numerous programs that we can choose .
It is a good time to turn to the entertaining programs , when we feel bored and gaze at the wall all day .
Television provides a variety of educational channels as well .
Discovery channel is posture - oriented model example to educate .
We . We can learn how the different animals feed themselves .
Above The above statements can ensure a rich and abundant life .
I think in 50 years many things will change . We will learn in our homes .
We wo n't have schools .
We will do homework at home and send it to the teachers .
They will correct our tasks and send them to us again .
I think that we will order all we need on the internet .
There wo n't be supermarkets .
There wo n't be a post office because we will be able to send anything via the Internet . All jobs will be on the Internet .
Every person will have a plane .
We will go to any place by plane .
We will have a robot servant .
They will serve us instead of human servants .
There will not be any poor people in the streets .
We will live happily .
I hope that in the future we will live peacefully and happily .
Hi , I am Amy . I would like to spend two months studying in England , two months doing volunteering in a children 's charity and the last two months travelling in the UK . What do you think of my plan ? I will not only improve my English skills but also devote myself to getting along with children .
Most important of all , I will have an adventure in an unknown place in the UK . I am looking forward to seeing you soon .
I would like to invite you to join the road trip with me . it will be an amazing experience if we are together for this trip .
If you can go with me , just let me know .
Your friend Amy
My favourite sport is running .
I usually run in the morning , when my roommates are still sleeping . I get up and run in the playground .
I enjoy running , fresh air , warm sun and slight wind .
When I am running , all the pressure I felt is gone .
I am filled with hope .
I started running because I suffered from neck pain and my left leg was not comfortable when I sat all day .
Furthermore , I wanted to reduce my weight as well .
I bought shoes , clothes and a GPS watch . I told myself : now it is a challenge , I must defeat myself . The first day was so painful . I was tired to die when I only ran nearly 3 km , but things became better and better , and now I can run 10 km .
If you want to start running , first , you need comfortable shoes and clothes , and secondly , to make a plan , like how long should I run today . Remember , appropriate rest is necessary .
Do n't set a goal that you ca n't achieve , or you will lose your confidence soon .
The most important thing is your willpower .
First I will ask a question of you . If this was your own house , which you bought for a lot of money would you break it for no reason ?
Of course the answer is no ! Everyone knows that " Earth is our home . " It is bigger than a house .
We have Earth first , then people , than our house .
Earth is our home , we all have to protect it .
But now people are destroying it .
Just for money for more houses , but if we destroy it , we will all die . Our money will be gone , our house will be gone , we will have nothing .
Besides , some people destroy farmland to build houses , but if one day there is no farmland , then what should we eat ? Nothing at that time . We could n't eat anything!So what should we do ?
The forest brings us fresh air , but if there are no trees , what will happen ?
If we ca n't breathe , we will die , too !
So my idea is that all the countries and all the people stop using farmland , forests and wetland to build houses , grow more trees , protect our world , our home star !
The lecturer disagrees with the paragraph suggesting that the mentioned test developed by Alan Turing does not answer the main question : Can a computer think ?
First , the lecturer talks about " Saran " , who proposed a challenge to prove that Turing 's test was not conclusive , and that he created a paradox .
He selected people to go into a Chinese room . There was a computer in the Chinese language with different symbols . The Americans showed different behavior . They did not understand what was on the computer screen .
This was different to the original test mentioned in the text , where all the participants were American and native speakers of that language . It was really easy to understand what was on the computer screen .
Second , the text support that the computers were evaluated by the same people that submitted the test .
Not everyone can buy a car .
For many , there are other important expenses that need to be covered .
For example , for young people in college , their studies are more important , as well as books , seminars , travelling , etc .
Nowadays , public transport has become a very important way to go to work , to travel to other cities , or to simply go to visit a friend on the other side of the city .
I agree , for many people , travelling by car is much more convenient . However , in my opinion , there is still a long future for public transport .
Dear Ronnie
I am happy to hear from you .
Your plan sounds great and I will be pleased to spend a few days with you and your family .
My grandmother is going to visit me in July , so I would prefer to see you in August .
My younger sister wants to go to the beach , so if she is not a problem , she could come with us .
Or she can stay at home .
I think it is more fun to stay together in your apartment . We could tell horror stories to each other at night , before sleeping .
Maybe my sister could sleep in the studio .
I really like spending time on the beach , but there is a lot of time , so we could go to the swimming pool if your parents say yes .
Also , we could go to the bar to drink some juice or go to eat an ice - cream .
Do n't forget to write soon .
Science , I just remember I have always liked motor racing , but one of my favourites is Formula 1 .
I like cars , and I like high speed , that is why I love Formula 1 races .
The Formula 1 season starts in early spring and ends in late autumn .
I try to watch every race every fortnight and the training the day before the race .
I like Ricki Rikonen so much . He is a Ferrari team driver .
Ricki is not the fastest driver on the track , but he drives very safely .
Ferrari make one of the fastest cars in the world , but this season they are not so fast on the Formula 1 track as they were in the past .
If someone likes cars , then they should go to Formula 1 races to hear the bolid engine sound . I think that is the best sound I have ever heard in my life .
Formula 1 is also a dangerous sport . The drivers are exposed to the risk of accidents at high speed .
I wish good luck to all Formula 1 drivers !
Michael is one of the most important economists in the world . He has written a lot of books about the economy and finance in the USA and Europe .
He decided to write a short essay about capital market abuse , so he considered travelling to Italy and picking up some financial data from the Italian central bank .
The key idea of this essay was the following : Italy in the time of Berlusconi almost went bankrupt , but Michael is trying to prevent the Italian economy condition simply because he likes Berlusconi too much .
He received a lot of criticism simply because many economists and econometricians in the world do not trust the source that he used in his essay . Moreover , they thought that he received money from the Italian government .
Two years after his essay was released , he would understand that his essay was wrong . Moreover , Michael would want to apologise to many people who read his essay , so , Michael now goes home , takes a cup of tea , and goes to bed . Thus , Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
One day , a man and his wife were trying to find a place that was shallow and without pollution to cultivate . They were poor ; they did n't have the necessary resources , but the husband worked so hard because his wife had had an accident . It happened one day that his wife was working on a campaign for the conservation of endangered animals . She went to a place in search of animals . She heard a sound in a dark place in the jungle , so she went to investigate what that was . A creature that had never been seen attacked her . Her partner only heard a shout and they found Lucy , the wife of the man , on the floor . They asked her if she was OK , but she did n't answer , so her partner took her to the doctor . There , the doctor said that she was OK but she would never hear again unless she paid 1 , 000 dollars for an operation .
The man has already saved 500 dollars , but it is not enough .
One day , the son of Lucy and her husband went to carve holes in the dirt to make a game , he made five holes and in the last one he found a brilliant jewel that had belonged to generations of gods . So he started throwing that for fun . One time that he took the jewel , it consumed the mind of the little guy and that made the jewel emit some sounds that only giants could hear , so a mountain stood up that was the face of a giant and he perceived negative vibes , so he killed the guy because he had the most important relic of the gods .
It is very easy to spend hours being entertained by television .
However , it is more difficult to be educated .
It depends how the presenter delivers the topic .
I have learned a lot from television .
There are excellent examples of good quality television on the BBC .
What 's more , there are countries around the world that lack teachers to go to remote areas to teach that rely on television to teach .
Mistake ! !
Oh no ! !
How could I make this mistake ! !
These were my first feelings when I made the mistake .
Like everyone , I was a normal person learning & improving day by day , little by little , from mistakes .
I am writing to suggest a few things that our college can do for the environment .
Firstly , how can the college save energy ?
In order to reduce energy consumption , we should arrange things so that , as much as possible , lectures take place in the daytime .
This would reduce energy needed for light sources .
Secondly , what sort of things can we recycle in the college ?
It would be a good idea to recycle paper , glass , metal and plastic .
In order to improve the sorting , there should be litter bins for each of the mentioned materials in classrooms , corridors and outside .
Furthermore , the students and tutors should be encouraged to use public transport , cycling or walking .
Finally , all the students should be taught about the environment .
I hope you find the answers to your question in my letter .
Yours sincerely
Zivile Jureviciute
Seoul , in Korea , has many places to visit .
I will describe some good places to visit .
Firstly , for people who prefer youth culture , I recommend Hongdae .
Hongdae is most appropriate to feel a free and vibrant local area in Seoul .
There are a lot of clubs , pubs and bars , cafes , and karaoke , bars and it has more facilities which you will be able to enjoy .
Hongdae has many kinds of places like this , but you will be concerned about drunk people late at night .
Late at night in Hongdae , lots of people drink with their friends and walk around the streets in a drunken condition .
So you need to be careful of those kinds of people .
And then , let me tell you about another place , ' Duksu Palace '
. You can experience 19th century Korean imperial architecture and Korean traditional customs .
This was the palace of the Chosun imperial queen .
The palace is in the middle of the city , so you can feel the different mood between the 19th century and today .
And also , there is a gift shop and a cafe .
I hope you enjoy your trip to Seoul till you left our country .
Thank you for reading .
MATHIAS :
Hello , how are you ?
Have you ever been mountain climbing ? That is incredible and amazing . Do you like your school ? your city ?
My school is fine and I like my country better than yours ; our teams are better than yours . England are the worst at football , Argentina rules .
England does n't have anything . You are the worst and most horrible country in the universe .
Goodbye
In conclusion , before I read the article I had never realized the importance of using drama in an English class .
For sure , I will apply those strategies in my professional life , because drama gives students the opportunity of not just learning something in the classroom . More than that , it is the opportunity to use their knowledge in educational and social life .
With reference to the recent advertisement about ' USA CAMP SUMMER ' , I would like to express my interest in the position in the camp .
I am a hardworking person and a fun girl .
I know how to cook delicious meals .
I have lived for two years in England and I speak English .
Recently , I worked babysitting for one year at a school .
I felt very happy with this job .
I like doing activities with them and I feed them .
I think I am a suitable candidate for this job , because I like children and I have experience of babysitting . Also , I work very well at making food .
I will wait a for phone call from you to discuss the possibility of arranging an interview .
The Wheel .
I choose the wheel because it is the most useful invention ever because , thanks to it , human work is made easier , for example a way to move heavy objects , compared to some of the fancy gadgets that we have today . The wheel was invented at a relatively late point in human history ; the oldest known wheel found in an archaeological excavation is from Mesopotamia .
In China , the wheel was certainly present in 1200 BC , for earlier Chinese wheeled vehicles , 2000 BC .
The wheel was found in a settlement built on stilts over wetland , indicating that the settlement had some sort of link to dry land .
( Taken from http://www.ancient-origins.net/ancient-technology/revolutionary-invention-wheel-001713 )
I would like to visit Germany .
You might think , ' why is that ? '
It 's very simple .
In school , I study German and I like the language .
I think it is a strong language , maybe a bit hard to listen to , but beautiful in the end .
My teacher told me some things about the country .
Added to what I know , that makes it attractive .
To this , we have to add the food and drink ( who does n't think this ? ) .
Apart from strange cases , who does n't want to try the authentic German beer , or the Frankfurter sausages in the place where they were invented ?
And the topic I like the most ?
The History .
From Teutonic mythology to Hitler and the Second War World .
It 's an amazing history with lots of heroes and cries .
You can think what you like , but I think that is the best part of Germany .
Family plays an important role in our lives .
Family are the people that will never leave you alone . They give you love and happiness . They make your day ! They are our best friends as well as our family .
First of all , friends are important for us . We want a friend that we can share our secrets and problems .
But friends may go away in the future or hurt you ! So you ca n't always rely on them ! For example , they need you until they find someone better than you and , in the end , they go away .
But family never let you go and family never go away from you !
However , the family is near you from the day you were born until forever .
The members follow you , and you can rely on them . You can tell whatever you want to them .
For example , if you are in a bad mood , the first person that will come to you to make you smile is your mom or dad .
Mom and dad spend their life raising their children , feeding them , loving them !
In conclusion , members of your family play an important role in your life !
In recent years , the public transport system has been improved .
In the last edition of Pur Plus , there was an important discussion about the next plan for cities .
It was presented by a politician , an economist and two environmentalists .
They were talking about the problems with the public transport system and the results of new habits in this sector .
These people , those who live in a city , do not take their own car or do not have one .
This is a new age in which we live .
So , there will be problems because of these habits .
This makes me wonder whether there is a future for the old public transport system or whether we should create a new system .
One argument , is that more and more people live in cities .
There are going to be some problems .
One of these is traffic jams .
Everybody owns a car and nobody rents a car .
The car sharing system is n't common .
So there will be more traffic jams if we do not change our habits .
The result will be the pollution of the environment .
So we need a new system .
There should be a ban on cars .
So , we will stop traffic jams and as a consequence the environmental problems .
But now we need more buses or another faster public transport system .
But we should not forget , that these options do not alloy the environment .
Introduction
Have you drunk under the legal drinking age in this past month ?
If yes , then you are one of 8.7 billion who have also drunk under the legal drinking age . You may think that drinking underage will not do too much harm , but it can .
Teens should not drink under the legal drinking age because they could get into trouble with the law , they could cause harm to themselves and others and could have a higher risk of alcohol dependency later in their lives .
transport in Sudan is so expensive . We suffer from the less and expensive transport here .
There are many kinds of transport , such as buses , trains and small cars called amgad and also taxis .
This is an interesting question because I believe that my family are my best friends , but at the same time , they are not my friends .
My family are my best friends because they really take care of me when I need them to .
They look after me and help me when I am in trouble .
This is important , because it is important to have somebody to rely on .
But my family are not my best friends , because you choose your friends , but you do not choose your family .
After all , family and friends are important .
The two maps show the changes which took place in the town of Shipsmouth between 1995 and 2010 .
Generally , it can be seen that the city became more modern in 2010 than it had been before .
First of all , in 1995 , Shipsmouth was a green residential city with two forests .
The two green areas in the north - west and south - east corners had been replaced by apartment blocks and an airport .
No one can deny how very important sport is to our health .
My favourite sport is squash .
I started this sport when I was 10 years old . where My father was also playing this sport , but he started it when he was older than me . He was about 30 years old . where Squash is one of those games that can be played at any age . I love this game because I find it exercises the whole body at the same time . We run in a small space , moving our hands in stretched and different ways , and at the same time we work our minds , so it needs care and quick thinking , as much any as exercise you will find down the road .
I think that anyone who wants to start a doing sport should play squash , which gives a you flexible and healthy body . At the same time , this sport can be played for a long period of time without caring about age .
Squash can also be played individually , as two players together , or in a team of 4 players . squash is one of the very nice attractive sports .
SWIMMING . THE BEST SPORT IN THE WORLD
I have practised swimming for 3 years . I am a good swimmer and I have competed in different swimming tournaments .
Swimming is my favorite sport because , through this sport , I train my whole body . It is very relaxing and is the best sport in the world .
My favorite swimmer is Michael Phelps because he was the best swimmer in the world , and I hope that he returns to the Olympic games in Rio de Janeiro in 2016 .
I need to practise to be the best swimmer in the world like Michael Phelps .
My favorite style is the butterfly and I always practise this style because I want to improve .
I want to compete in the United States in the most important tournament . The best swimmers in the world participate in this competition .
Some swimmers are Michael Phelps , Ryan Lochte , Peter Van de Hoogenband and others .
Nowadays , it is easier to use the car instead of public transport .
Although public transport is cheap and more environmentally friendly , it is not as flexible or comfortable as the car .
Except for in the big cities , public transport is not an easy way to get around the city . That means that in the future even more people will stop using it .
In the diagrams below , the manufacturing process of bank notes is shown clearly .
In the first step , the bank notes have to be designed considering some , like background color , artwork and security issues . After the design has been prepared , skilled machinists prepare metal plates in the second step .
Then , sheets of bank notes are printed 50 bank notes per sheet , which have colour images on both sides in special ink .
After printing well , these sheets are closely manually inspected .
It is the most important step during the whole processing .
And then , some sheets and good bank notes from damaged sheets which are cut into individual bank notes and separated into equal ones and packed and despatched to where they are needed .
Other ones , which are bad sheets and bad bank notes , which are damaged apparently , are destroyed securely .
This is the whole working process of the bank notes and it consists of 7 steps .
Sport is one of the best ways to be healthy and do some exercise .
You can play it with your friends and have a good time .
The most healthy sports are swimming , playing basketball , playing football or running , but I prefer to play tennis .
My favourite sport is tennis .
I play it three times a week ( on Tuesdays , Thursdays and Saturdays ) in the club of tui .
I have been playing tennis since 2 years ago with two of my best friends .
I enjoy playing tennis because it is a sport that requires skills , concentration and speed .
I am not very good at all , but I like to play it with my friends and play matches on Saturdays .
For new tennis players , I recommend knowing how to hold the racket , the position to hit the ball and how to place your feet .
They will have to concentrate on the game and enjoy it .
In today 's class , we were discussing whether or not we agree with the often enormous salaries of football players .
For me , as a passionate soccer player , it is a good point to consider .
I recommend to the clubs , be warned .
For instance Christiano Ronaldo .
For him , as one of the top sheld paid players of the European league , it is no big deal to buy a Mercedes Benz .
He is arrogant .
He does not need another one , but he likes the colour .
This way of thinking , he also shows during game time .
He does not chase after the ball , does not fight enough to keep it . If he really needed the money , he would behave totally differently .
What influences do these salaries have on the clubs is quite simple .
They sell the strips for 20 Euros more per piece than last season .
By this action a Ronaldo or Messie can be paid and it is possible to buy the best team for the league , like Bayern Munich is doing at the moment .
But consider the reaction of the fans .
For them it is not possible anymore to rule for their teams at any home game .
The tickets are too expensive .
The anger will boil over someday .
This makes football or soccer ever more exclusive to a certain group of fans - hooligans .
As a result of these actions , it is an uncertain way to go for the clubs .
If it stays at a certain level , no fan will complain about higher prices .
But if the prices are too high , no one will visit the games anymore .
The aim is to find a balanced way .
Business in My Home Country
In my home country , there are many different kinds of business culture and customs .
For example , the restaurant business and the technology industry are totally different in Taiwan .
In this decade , the Taiwanese have started to enjoy our lives . So many people like to drink coffee or have afternoon tea .
That is why many businessmen want to win this competition , so they have created so many special offers , like if you go to places , you can buy one get one free .
Apparently , the restaurant business is creative and marketing - oriented in Taiwan .
In contrast , there are two different types of company in the technology industry .
One is original equipment manufacturers , like Foxconn . Workers in the company always need to do the same thing and the executives at Foxconn also always need to bargain with Apple or Samsung .
Although they produce high quality products , they receive little money and do high - pressure work .
The other one is original brand manufacturers , like htc . They produce a lot of new smartphones and sell them .
Three to four years ago , htc made so much money in Europe , Taiwan and Japan .
The company likes to produce new products and uses high salaries to hire great talent .
So , htc has become more energetic and bold in making innovation .
In Taiwan , many young people want to join htc .
Finally , Taiwan is still suffering an economic slump , but we have so many businesses that like to innovate and market their products , and customers like to buy them .
I think Taiwan will recover in the near future .
One evening , it was a blisteringly hot day but I still had to attend one of my friends ' wedding ceremony .
I was dressed in a nice suit to go to this party .
There were so many people talking to each other .
I did n't want to chat with them at first .
Consequently , I drank the alcohol on the table , looking for my friend , the bride .
I wanted to see how beautiful the woman was .
As soon as the bride appeared in front of us , most people fell silent abruptly .
I glanced at the groom jealously .
How lucky he could marry her .
I have a good - looking face , keep fit .
It was ridiculous that I did n't have a girlfriend .
I prefer having a nice gorgeous girl living with me to living alone .
However , I still did n't have a girlfriend .
I was overwhelmed with grief .
I could not stand looking at them , celebrating .
As a result , I drifted away from the party , going home alone .
However , I was too dizzy to walk straight so that I took a taxi .
I fell asleep immediately .
The driver took me to a place he knew .
When I woke up , I did n't know why I was at the police station .
Dear Mrs Asbhy ,
I 'm Patricia Agüero . I have seen the advertisement for work in your cafe and I 'm very interested , because I need work to pay for my studies .
First , I think that this job is perfect for me because I have travelled around the world and I know a lot of different kinds of food . In fact , on my last trip to Japan I learned to cook sushi .
In addition , I love dealing with people . I 'm very sociable .
Also , I 'm used to working long hours . As a matter of fact , in the holidays I have worked in many restaurants .
I look forward to receiving your answer soon .
Best wishes
Patricia
One day , Michael wanted to go out , so he called his best friend and suggested going out together . His friend agreed , so Michael put on his clothes , went out and closed the door , but at that moment he knew he had made a mistake .
He had left the key inside his house !
What should he do ?
He went to his father 's office and got another copy of the house key .
When he got back home , it was late and the meeting was canceled .
It is very true .
There is no future for public transport .
But not so many people have a driver 's license .
They have to use public transport .
Public transport can connect people .
You can meet all kinds of people .
It 's a kind of socializing .
Public transport is cheaper than a car .
Hello , my name is Victor and I am going to talk to you about myself .
I know that I am a suitable person for this job , and I can say that nobody is better than me for this incredible job , because I have travelled all over the world and during this experience , I have seen the necessity of work to finance my journey , so then I have dedicated myself to working on summer camps , and I have a lot of experience of this .
I have other qualities like , cooking like a super chef or even better than that . I am the most organized person in this country , and I love to work with children because it is a way to teach everything you know to other people and help them to improve as a person .
I always do exercise . In the morning I like to run on the beach , in the evening I like to go to the gym and at night I love to swim in my own swimming pool .
So , in conclusion , I think that if you contract me , you will get an excellent person and an excellent worker .
I think it is true that there is no future for public transport , because travelling by car is so much more comfortable .
In my opinion , public transport is more expensive and it is less comfortable than a car , because a car is faster than public transport .
Public transport stops more times than a car , whereas a car goes direct to its destination .
Today , the people use the app " blah blah car " .
It is an app that people use to save gas and money .
I believe that people in the future will begin to travel in shared cars more often and they will use less public transport , like the train , the bus , the underground , etc .
The problem that I see with this , is that in the future there will be more pollution , because there will be a lot of cars .
Online Learning
Positive things about online learning are that you are more mobile with your smartphone and you do n't have to carry so much paper with you . Also , you 're on your own and at your own learning speed , which makes it more specific to the user themself . Maybe you 're more comfortable on your Smartphone than with paper .
Negatives about online learning are that you 're not listening to much from a real person and more from a Computer . If pyou do n't have any listening things in the app you do n't learn how to pronounce the words . In my personal opinion , its better to learn from a teacher not only because you learn to pronounce the words correctly , but you also learn from a person , which is , in my opinion , way better . I think we spend enough time on smartphones , so I do n't think it 's the best if we use them to learn as well .
For words , I think it 's perfect , but all the grammar and talking , I think you need a teacher .
I love Grey 's Anatomy . This is supposed to be a medical drama , but I am sure this show is beloved because of the soap opera drama parts .
Therefore , I would like to firmly state that Grey 's Anatomy is my favorite soap opera .
The show seems difficult , the characters always have to face situations which are not easy to solve , but practically , this show is a soap opera in a hospital .
I used to think I did n't like soap operas , because they were boring , out of date and not worth watching , but this was just prejudice .
My mother also likes this show .
Today 's television is really good .
It shows you movies , news and new products .
The advertisements are a bit tricky because they know exactly when children watch , for example , after school .
And then they just show products specially for children .
So , at a special time there is a special advertisement for this age group .
But it also shows the new products .
Advertising is important for the economy .
Except for some good movies , they also show a lot of rubbish .
Or sometimes during the day you see horror movies which should not be on .
Who wants their child to see that ?
Of course , you can put a child lock on the TV , but if you look hard enough for some you will find some .
Every day they show the news .
So you know what is going on in the world .
I think they show it four times a day .
I would say if you know how and when to use a TV , it is good , but especially for young people who think it is good entertainment to watch the whole day .
The TV people know what to broadcast so that children get addicted to TV .
Attitude to schools in Colombia and Australia .
The attitude of Colombians to the education system is disappointing in some areas and optimistic in others .
In the same way , Australians have a different attitude to their education system .
However , the attitude of the Colombian and Australian people is different in many ways .
In Colombia , some people have a high opinion of education , but there are some others that have a very low opinion .
This is because in Colombia there are a lot of socio - economic levels , which makes people have different and divided attitudes toward education .
Similarly , Australians have a different attitude to the education system .
This depends on the beliefs and the culture of the people .
This attitude is based more on the backgrounds of the people rather than on the system itself .
Today I am very excited because on Sunday I will go to Bangkok .
I am going with my older sister , daddy and mommy .
We will have a good time there .
I will eat tokyo , my favorite dessert .
We enjoy it so much .
Recently , there is a growing country whose environment is destroyed by building houses , which accour for some debate .
Many would argue that its disadvantages have already outweighed the advantages , and many others disagree with this view .
With the tremendous thriving and growth of both the economy and cultural diversity , the need is increasing for resource which are used for building much - needed housing and transport networks .
Apparently , it is a good thing , because it is a significant symbol of the development of a country ; however , on the other hand , doing large - scale building projects may bring a galaxy of problems .
In the first place , the environment is destroyed , because there are some trees and flowers before the house is built .
What is worse , the space taken up by the house is where some animals lived before , so they lost their homes , which become the houses of people . Nevertheless , the earth does not only belong to the human race .
Secondly , building more houses is not so much because of living by people , but more because of the economy , which is used for building speculation and the price of a house is too expensive for the ordinary person .
For example , some people who have lots of money living in Shenzhen earn more money by buying at a low price and selling at a high price , although they have a house to live in .
Also , it is reported that Chinese investors have driven up housing prices in Vancouver by 12% .
Therefore , no longer on the acts go unheeded , and the governments have to deal with these problems . We should forbid the acts by imposing certain laws .
In a word , the government should appeal to people in some way , that we should protect the earth rather than only focus on personal profit .
Nowadays people usually use a car every day , actually for most of the daily things , despite the fact that there is a small amount of people that travel on public transport .
Cars emit large amounts of carbon dioxide , so that is the cause of the grey skies of some cities like Madrid , Beijing and New York and this has to change .
Using public transport is " healthier " than using a car for the environment because twenty - three humans can travel on a bus and it is only one vehicle , but it would be twenty cars .
Also , people think that travelling in cars is faster than on public transport and I agree with that , because the bus or the underground is always stopping at the different stations , so in this way , the car is better .
I will use public transport , not always , but more than the car , although you travel slower , because I want to save our planet so that the coming generations can live in good conditions .
My favourite sport
I have been playing tennis since I was a teenager and , for that reason , tennis is my favourite sport .
The main reason why I like playing tennis is because I can control the amount of exercise that I can do .
Tennis is not a team sport .
There are just two players and if you get tired and lose a match no one is going to be responsible but you .
That 's why you can control your limits .
Besides , you do not need a lot of people , as for a football match , for example , to play tennis .
Sometimes it is difficult to get so many people to practise a team sport .
In contrast , for a tennis match you need just one , and it does n't matter if it is a man or a woman .
The exception is in a doubles match .
Even then , you only have to find three more players in this case .
But , despite all these advantages , the tennis player has to take care in some dangerous situations .
For example , never start a match without a warm up , because you can suffer serious muscular injury .
It happened to me once and was very uncomfortable .
Another very common risk is falling on the court , which can cause dangerous scratches .
In spite of the risks , I recommend this sport to anyone who is in good physical condition .
Buy a good racket , put on a pair of good shoes , find someone to practise with and start to enjoy yourself .
Dear Sir or Madam
With reference to your advertisement , I would like to apply for the position to work in AMERICAN SUMMER CAMPS . I am John from the capital city of a southern state of India .
I worked in a secondary school for about 2 years , where I gained experience which would be suitable for the current position .
As I worked in a restaurant kitchen as a part - time job , I gained knowledge of basic cooking methods , and hope it might be helpful now .
I believe that this job is suitable for me .
Herewith I enclose my current CV , which you can see in the attachment .
I am interested in working a in new work environment , kindly reply .
Thank you !
Yours faithfully
John
Hi my friend !
How are you ?
Thank you very much for your last letter .
It is very nice that you remember me .
Now I want to tell you about my summer job at a local cinema .
This was a very cool experience for me .
You should come to my city and will enjoy it .
All this started in July .
I looked every day for some summer work and I found an excellent option .
I needed money which I could spend during my study semester .
The first day was very nice .
Everybody was friendly to me .
They explained all the procedures .
The second day was awful .
I did not know what was going on .
My clients were very impolite .
I could not cope with the responsibilities .
But my good men told me one important sentence .
This job would be boring if every day was nice .
He comforted me .
And now , I am happy .
In work , I am confident in work . I have money and satisfaction .
I know that you are like me .
And I know that job is for you ! Please come and work with me !
Best wishes your bro Bartek !
Dear Paul
Last month I helped host a concert in Timisoara .
I was the boy behind the curtain , I dealt with the sound of the concert due to my experience with professional music equipment .
I encountered small problems during the concert , but we fixed them very easily thanks to the team with whom I worked .
Pleasure of working at concerts is when I look in front of the stage and see different classes of people of different ages , from the young to the elderly , who have forgotten all their worries and are enjoying the same concert as if not and be separate .
The experience is unforgettable and I hope that I feel the same soon at the next concert .
Your friend Pogan
When they were together , they knew that this story was about to end .
They could live with this fact .
People were surprised to know his relationship had been broken for so long .
They seemed happy to share their life .
Nobody ever heard any arguing .
They were always so friendly , and so kind ... that it was strange to imagine that ending . But that was the sad reality .
They had to decide who their cat would stay with .
They met with the lawyer .
They presented arguments to get the custody and the lawyer listened to them very carefully to decide they could not have the cat .
The cat had to go to the animal home and they had to pay the expenses .
The meeting ended .
Michael closed the door and knew at the moment he had made a mistake .
Michael made a very bad mistake ....
It was the worst mistake that he had made in all his life ....
His mom would kill him !
But first , I will tell you the whole story from the beginning .
Michael was a very intelligent boy .
He was the best student in his class .
The boy had a mother .
Mia was her name .
She always told Michael to never disrespect when people are at the door and always be polite .
Mia could n't accept it when someone behaved badly .
And Michael said every time that he would never do that .
But , one day , Mia thought that she could conduct a test .
She would get dressed up as an old woman .
So she said to Michael that she would go shopping and she would return soon .
Then she put on her disguise as an old woman and made her way home .
Getting there , she knocked on the door .... Michael opened the door and Mia asked if he had a cup of water to give him and he said no way would he give a cup of water to an old person .
At that moment , Mia took off her disguise and Michael said :
OMG !
This is the worst mistake I have made in all my life !
The building was initially planned as the Federal Legislative Palace during the regime of Porfirio Díaz , because society was governed and supported by the president .
In later times , society felt the need for change because of iniquities that were committed in the country and the Mexican Revolution explotes , the building was abandoned because the government and country did n't have money for construction , to the point that the building 's metal structure was used for weapons .
After the revolution , construction will be used to represent the success of the revolution .
Almost every family has a car now .
They use these cars to travel , for shopping , to drive to work .
It is so much more convenient .
Only in the big city , people use public transport to not be in traffic .
My mother and my father had a fight with each other . They wanted to not be together .
They even asked me who I wanted to go with . They grabbed my hands , wanted me to go with them , but I had no idea , because I love my mother and my father so much .
I wanted us to be able to live together forever . They took care of me , loved me , we lived in the same house , we had a happy family .
I thought these things .
Finally , I cried , because I could n't make a choice . My father and my mother saw me crying and decided not to keep going , and they said sorry to each other and me .
Hi Peter !
How are you ?
I 'm happy for you !
I agree with your parents , maybe you could spend your money on something you really need and maybe you can buy computer games with the money you have left , or maybe you could put aside the money to buy something really important to you .
If I were you , I would wait to spend the money .
Let me know what you decide .
See you soon .
When I was a university student , I wanted to swim well but I could n't swim , because I did n't have to swim in my life .
So I decided to learn to swim for the summer vacation .
First , I registered at a swimming pool , then I went back to the swimming pool every day early in the morning .
After 6 months , I could swim well until now .
so I satisfied my ambition 13 years ago .
Nowadays , I usually go back to the swimming pool at the weekends .
Sometimes I get rid of my stress .
I think swimming is the best sport in my life because you can use your your whole body .
So you can lose weight and gain muscles .
Some of my friends did n't want to shown their body to anyone , because a lot of students do n't do exercise .
We do n't have enough time today ,
but I always say to my friends " If you want to have a fit body , you should register at a swimming pool .
" So many friends learned to swim .
Dear Dana ,
Thank you for sending the AA Report to us .
The report was discussed at our meeting , and we wish to congratulate you on completing this audit and providing the details and evidence on improving the outcomes from students ' results this year .
One straight observation was the low number of students that have taken the math course .
We wondered if some work needs to be done to increase the student attendance on the math courses .
The diagram gives information about various stages in the process of making bank notes .
It is true that there are five stages in the whole process . We can see that the processes begin with design and end at packaging and distribution .
Looking at the information in more detail .
Initially , bank notes should be considered in terms of the design such as background colour , artwork , and security issues . Then , the preparation of metal plates is the next stage . note should be skilled machinists . Thereafter , the next stage is printing . worker should pay attention to colour on both sides , special ink , and slightly raised images .
Subsequently , the next step is the most important . The bank notes should be inspected . The bank notes are separated into good and bad . If they get good quality sheets , the next stage is packaging and distribution . At this stage , sheets should be cut into separate bank notes , packed , and dispatched . If they get bad sheets , the next stage is disposal . The bad sheets and bank notes are securely destroyed .
The diagrams show how to make bank notes . There are four steps to making bank notes .
First , the bank notes are designed by considering background colour , artwork , and security issues .
Then , the metal plates are prepared by skilled machinists .
And then , the sheets are printed . Operators have to pay attention to the colour on both sides , special ink , and slightly raised images .
Third , this is the most important step : printed sheets are manually inspected , and these sheets are classified into three categories .
The first is called good quality sheets . They will be packed and dispatched .
The next is called partially damaged sheets , and bank notes are separated into good and bad . Good sheets will be cut into separate bank notes and packed ; the bad ones will be destroyed by fire .
The third category is called bad sheets . They will be securely destroyed .
This is the method of making bank notes , and the operator should pay attention to the printed sheets and how to inspect them .
These pictures show us what detailed steps are taken by the bank to produce paper money into the application .
Before the production , they have to think about the design , including background color , artwork and codes which make them different from the illegal ones , then put them into the printing machines to create them .
The most important step is the inspection by hand . That is to say , they should be separated into good ones , which are to be cut into bank notes and delivered to the banks , and the bad ones , which ca n't be utilised and are burnt securely in the last stage .
In a word , the process of making money for banks is very creative and serious , even rigid .
I know that we can post anything that we want but not like this .
Wake up world .
Look at yourselves .
Raise your nose from your phone , and look at all these nice things that life is giving us .
Read a book or play football if that is what you like .
We are architects of our own destruction .
We have to live our lives .
You ca n't live only on Facebook .
YOLO !
YOU ONLY LIVE ONCE !
I think public transport is n't lost .
For example , I do n't have a car , so I usually use a train to get to my school .
I think that is enough .
If I go travelling I think a car is very useful , but driving a long distance is very tiring .
Consequently , you ca n't enjoy travelling .
Children ca n't get a driver 's license , so children use public transport .
Of course , if people do n't have a driver 's license , they ca n't drive a car .
Therefore , I think we need public transport .
I think that members of our family ca n't be our best friends , because maybe we do not have the same trust that we have in our friends .
For example , maybe you have a personal situation that is very important to you , but you do not want your family to know about it , so you decide to tell your best friend , because you know she wo n't tell anybody .
I think it depends on the situation . On the other hand , your sister or brother , can be one of your best friends . You can tell them important things , but ask them not to tell your parents .
I 'm studying Business Administration , I think my major is so busy .
But also , when I 'm working on a project which involves business , I feel rewarded .
Actually , I realize that business is not for the major , everybody knows Tec is very demanding and if you want to be there , you must work hard .
I dream of being a Business Administrator when I 'm older . First , I want to work for a sports company like UA and then I may have a little variety on works .
Finally , I hope to have my own business .
Family members are the people who will accompany us throughout our whole lives .
Compared to our classmates or co - workers , the members of our family know us best .
They know what our habits are , what we think about and what we like to eat .
Family members are the most important and best friends in our lives .
First of all , family members are those who will keep in touch forever , so they know our habits best .
Moreover , they know how to interact with us . They can make you happy , cheer you up and always support you when you are in trouble .
Secondly , family members always know what we are thinking about .
Families understand our minds so much . However , our classmates or colleagues ca n't achieve that because they do n't stay with us all the time .
Only family members can know us best because they live with us from when we come into this world .
Finally , family members will always prepare the food you like to eat .
They always give you what you like to eat .
In addition , they always supply us with a lot of food so that we wo n't be hungry .
Besides , eating with our families is one of the happiest things in our lives .
In conclusion , only family members know who we are most deeply .
Also , family members are the people that we will always want to stay in contact with forever .
For the reasons above , we can say that the members of our family are our best friends !
Tennis . Tennis is not just a sport anyone can play , but it 's a professional sport and it needs more hard training and more time to be perfect at it . First , why did I choose tennis ? Seriously , in 2003 it was my first time watching the game on TV when I saw Roger Federer play . I think he is the one that made me love this sport , due to his professional movement when playing the ball . From that time , I was interested in this game and watching all the championships , so more time , time and time it is my favourite sport .
My advice is to be patient , be smart . This sport is not easy and it needs a lot of practice , a lot of time to be one of the greatest players of the game .
MY BEST FRIEND
I met my best friend , Aisha , at a mutual friend 's party six years ago , when we were 25 .
While I was dancing , she pushed my by accident , she did n't notice it , so I thought she was an arrogant person at first .
But , when our mutual friend introduced her to me , I realized that she was a nice , funny person .
Aisha is a funny girl , she is always making jokes , and she really knows how to have fun .
Her parties are always the best .
She loves dancing and she is really a party animal .
She is also a good listener . She always knows what to say in a bad moment and she is always there when a friend is in trouble .
Aisha is in her thirties .
She 's from Morocco , so she has Arabian features . For example , she is n't very tall , around 1,57 metres , she has long dark wavy hair and big black expressive eyes .
She is tanned and has a slim build .
Dear Editor ,
I have just read that you need reviews of soap operas .
I have a favourite soap opera .
It is ' Beverly Hills 90210 ' .
I love this soap opera , because it shows teenagers ' lives .
And I like seeing what they look like .
I like their style and lives .
They study at school , they have problems with each other , they fall in love , have parties .
Most of all , I like Brenda , because she is a smart , beautiful person .
And she wears the best clothes ever !
I would like to be like her .
I think that a lot of people can learn how to live , what to think , eat , wear from this soap opera .
My best friend is my sister .
Although I have 5 members in my family , just one of those 5 is my real friend .
She has done a lot for me in my life .
.
In my opinion , that is not a logical statement which jibes with the facts .
First of all , although travelling by car has become more convenient , the growing population means personal vehicles are hard to manage .
The traffic jams become more and more serious .
Cities such as Beijing , a metropolis in China , face the salient bad traffic . As such , the government had to encourage citizens to go to work by public transport such as bus and subway .
Apparently , this measure has made a great contribution to the traffic in Beijing .
So , public transport plays an important role in our daily life . It has indispensable effects on society .
Craiova
Introduction
The aim of this report is to inform the committee about the attractions of this town .
The report is based on the opinions and ranking of people and critics that have visited these places .
Town center
In the town center there are the most attractions as well as one of the best bars in the region ; " the Albastirca " .
Many visitors come to it but there are more attractions than just one bar .
There is a giant park which maybe the visitors would be delighted to visit as it has animals , a funfair and a lake .
Pluses
Another good thing about the town is that it is n't lacking in shopping facilities .
It has a big mall that has recently been opened , and it contains everything the visitors might need .
On the other hand , the mall lacks a cinema or some restaurants as it has recently been opened .
Conclusions
To sum up , I strongly suggest that visitors stay as long as possible in this town as it has almost everything that a man needs .
Some people say there is no future for public transportation , but I do n't think so .
People who believe it do n't care about air pollution and traffic .
Lima is a small city where there is no more space for another car .
Moreover , it is more appropriate to start constructing roads which are convenient for the majority .
First my favorite sport is football and I like it for many reasons . For example , while you are watching a match , you feel excited and entertained . Besides that , football has the best football player ever , which is Leo Mesy . He 's the best and he 's able to do awesome stuff when he 's playing .
Yesterday morning , a group of American tourists went for a bike ride through the center of Buenos Aires City .
One of them was intercepted by a man on a motorcycle . He seemed to be 28 years old .
The man , who was armed , tried to steal a backpack .
But he not be fixed that the man had a camera on his head and his action was filmed .
He was furious because the American did n't understand what he said .
The tourist was surprised to see a gun . The robber forced the man onto the street and then the tourist put to run .
He was very lucky because the gunman returned to pick up his motorbike and keep his gun .
The man ran to where his friends were and sought a police officer .
They found a police officer near it and made a complaint . The group continued the bike ride and returned to their hotel totally terrified .
After two days and with the help of the filming , the gunman was captured and brought to justice .
Then he was arrested and charged with the robbery before a magistrate , and is waiting for his sentence .
The tourists returned to their country very scared .
How should I start ? Should I start by speaking about myself or about my country or about my family or about my life ?
It is hard for an eastern girl to do what she likes because of her society 's traditions and customs .
Let 's take me as an example . I am a 25-year - old girl who graduated from the faculty of engineering and wants to travel to Germany to complete my studies , but I am not able to do this because my family will not allow me to travel alone .
I am trying to change my family 's opinion so that I can travel .
College is the only place where I feel I am special . That is why I always like to be there .
How we treat the earth has a direct impact on ourselves .
Today , because of the progress of industry , we have caused so many environmental problems that did n't arise before .
For example , lack of clean water , shortage of electricity , climate change , natural resource depletion , etc .
The problems were n't very significant so we overlooked them , but now they have become serious threats that we ca n't ignore .
How can we solve these problems ?
Just change your daily habits .
There are so many questions .
Who are we ?
What do we do ?
Why do we make mistakes ?
There is no clear answer but the sure thing is we are humans .
As a nature of human , we will make mistakes .
But we should n't make the same mistakes .
If you are wrong , I will correct you and if I am wrong , please correct me .
Anyway , we will make mistakes if we do the new challenges and new tasks .
We have to fix it all again .
Introducion :
The aim of this report , is to show how my town takes care of the environment .
Household rubbish :
The mayor , in collaboration with Lipor , distributed leaflets with information on " How to deal with household rubbish " . Each leaflet explains how to separate the household rubbish .
Instead of putting the rubbish in one trashcan , the families should separate it into three different groups - paper , glass and plastics - and put it into the correct eco point .
The company responsible for rubbish collection collects the garbage , already separated by the families , and afterwards does the recycling .
How the town treats the environment :
The City Hall is very concerned about keeping the area clean .
As well as the informative sessions about the environment organized by the Mayor for all of the residents , it also has lots of staff that clean the streets , take care of the city gardens and collect the garbage .
Eco - friendly :
In conclusion , I would like to say that the city where I live keeps the city clean and attractive , for people that live there and for those who visit the city .
I do believe that the members of my family are my best friends for many reasons . First of all , we had the same education as we grew up together , so we know each other .
If I suffer from any problem , the first step I take is I try to go back to my lovely sister because , deep inside , I know she is the only family member that can help me .
Secondly , if I need money , I will go back to my brother or sister . I ask them to lend me some money .
I think public transport has good prospects for the future for the following reasons .
First , the trend of environmentally friendliness has grown since the shortage awareness of fuel , taking public transport can decrease the air pollution created by cars , and more governments have built public transport systems , including subways , buses etc .
Transport in the city is n't inconvenient as it was years ago .
The other reason is , travelling by car is n't convenient if you go to the famous resorts . Most famous resorts lack parking lots , travelers may spend hours trying to park .
In contrast , people who take public transport can enjoy the journey more because they do n't waste energy on driving .
To summarize , because the development of public transport is more and more complete , the advantages of travelling by car have been replaced gradually by public transport . The future of public transport is bright .
My favourite sport is football .
It gives me a lot of positive energy and fun .
I have played for 12 years .
I am not a professional player .
I play just for myself .
Sometimes , if I would like to play football but it 's raining , I can watch football on television .
If I play football with my best friends , I am a goalkeeper .
In football , my favourite position is goalkeeper .
It is really hard to give some advice .
We have to be very patient .
I have only one piece of advice .
If you practise you will achieve skills .
In Somalia , people usually throw the rubbish and garbage everywhere , and there is no a cycle which is intended to keep it .
The city council are dealing with how they can keep the city clean , and each and every morning there are employees whose job is to collect rubbish and keep the environment clean .
Many of the main roads of Mogadishu are getting more attractive by the day and the people have begun to make their city clean .
Swimming is my favorite sport , I usually swim 2 or 3 times a week . Swimming is a good sport , especially in summer .
Studies say the cool water will cool the body temperature down and that means it will burn the body fat faster than the other sports .
The other advantage of swimming is the fact that there is less impact on the knees .
Swimming will be a good exercise for people who are not able to jog or even walk .
By the way , some people do n't like to swim because they have difficulty finding a swimming pool . I think that is just an excuse to be lazy . The Internet will help you to find one . Let 's go swimming .
FOOTBALL - MY FAVORITE SPORT
Nowadays , there are many choices for spending our free time , such as going shopping , travelling , listening to music , reading , etc ..
But for me , I choose playing sport in my free time .
Football - the most popular sport in the world , is well - known as " King Sport " .
There are two teams and each team has the same number of players : maybe 6 , maybe 7 and maximum 11 .
The objective of the game is to score by kicking the ball into the opposing goal .
Actually , I began to play football when I was 10 years old .
I have been playing football in my free time until now .
There are many reasons why I enjoy football .
My first reason : football makes us stay in shape and avoid some diseases .
A second reason : it helps me make new friends when I join a football team .
I have relationships with people who play football with me .
They not only help me in every match , but also share everything with me in daily life .
A final reason : football makes us enjoy our life and improves the quality of life so far after working hours .
Eating a balanced diet is very important for everyone , especially for pregnant women , children and old people as their bodies need more nutrition than younger people .
Although a balanced diet will offer energy and vitality , that 's not all . Exercising is important too , in addition to a balanced diet .
My favourite sport is football . I love it so much . When I was young , I used to watch football and my favorite team is Barcelona . I used to play with my friends in the street and we were so happy doing that , and after that , we played on a football pitch like in real football . I love Cristiano Ronaldo so much . He is the best player in the world . A few people have told me that Messi is the best player , but I feel angry when I hear that , because that is not true . So I am looking forward to meeting my favourite player one day . It 's like a dream for me .
I think alcohol is the most dangerous addictive substance in the world .
Because many people have died because of this , and it 's really hard to stop this addiction , even if the person wants to stop it .
My favorite sport is swimming .
I swim twice per week .
Sometimes I go to the swimming pool in the same area where I work and sometimes I go to my cousin 's swimming pool .
I enjoy it when I spend time in the water and now that I am pregnant I am afraid when I swim with a group of people . I keep telling them and screaming do not come close to me ! ! !
hhhh Sometimes it is funny ,
but my husband takes care of me . He does n't allow anyone to be much closer to me .
my mother - in - law likes swimming too .
last night we went to the swimming pool . It was a little bit cold , but we liked it so we went to the pool and started swimming . I know how to swim very well , but she does n't , she has to have a support otherwise she ca n't swim .
to : Emma Brown@ ........... co.ukDate : Thu Nov 26 , 2015 05:10:07 Europe\SeklerlandSubject : RestaurantHello Emma .
When I read your e - mail I was very surprised about it .
Well , I think it is really creative .
If you want to visit me , you have to do it in the next month because I have a football tournament , and I must participate .
So what about next month , 12th of December ? I would like to suggest a dish named " Bloody Liver " .
It could be strange for others , but it is really delicious if served with corn .
If you want to visit a restaurant , I would suggest the Dagi .
It is a bit far from my home , behind the petrol station where we once left your car .
To answer your question , I can not attend the party because I do not like those kinds of parties , but I wish you good luck ! Almos
We , the management of The Arch London Hotel , received your email and wish to let you know that you should make known to us the position you desire to work in via return email along with a scanned copy of your signed contract of agreement to enable us to make all the necessary corrections .
Thank you .
When it comes to public transport , the future is relatively dark according to the prospection .
Indeed , all the indicators show that human behavior will not change , at least in the coming decades .
The car continues to attract people .
On the other hand , governments are not able to change transportation policies to enhance public transport 's level of service .
Malaga is a town that takes care of the environment .
Around the city , there are a lot of containers for rubbish , pieces , plastic and crystal .
All people has very close someone to recycle .
Also , you can put clothes and shoes that you do n't need for African children .
So , Malaga is responsible towards the environment and towards people in need .
Secondly , in Malaga there are strict and hard rules for factories .
These companies must take care of the environment or they will have to pay a big fine to the council .
So , in general , I think Malaga is very responsible towards the environment and acts appropriately .
The way of living changes every day : if we think about our grandparents ' , but also about our parents ' lives , we notice many differences .
Above all , they talked more . We live in the era of telecommunication and no one could live without their mobile phone or their computer .
Being always in contact with our friends has become our way of living .
Moreover , also , simple things have changed . For example , the food we eat . Some time ago , everything was natural , healthy ... but now everyone always eats " junk food " and things like that , which are completely unhealthy !
However , how will people 's lives change in the next 50 years ?
As a result of what I have just said , in my opinion , people wo n't have a " real life " . Everyone will always be more involved in virtual life , so that they will forget how to talk to each other and how to express their own feelings !
About food , I imagine a future society in which restaurants wo n't exist . People will eat only junk food and food which has been prepared before , food in tins ... so all unhealthy things , which will cause many problems .
For this reason , I also imagine that in the future doctors and scientists will have too much to do !
Do not ruin our life . It could all be so perfect !
My favourite sport is soccer .
Also , we can learn to help each other in the team .
My favourite trick is nutmeg .
My favourite soccer player is Frank Lampard .
My favourite team is Chelsea FC .
My favourite soccer pitch is Hong Kong Stadium .
My favourite soccer is the Brazuca .
I started playing soccer when I was four .
I often play soccer with my father and my brother .
When it is the holidays , my brother and I play soccer twice a week .
It is really good to play soccer !
Everyone is afraid of something .
A lot of people are afraid of catastrophic events even thought it 's very improbable that the same thing will happen to us .
Some fears are instinctive and it 's positive because it protects us from real danger , it 's a good response .
But phobias are fears which we experience that are life - threatening and they can disrupt everyday life , but people can get over them with the right sort of therapy .
So if we want to live a life which is n't controlled by our fears , we must try to be more objective and pay more attention to real dangers .
We should spend less time worrying and more time being happy !
In 1898 , H.G. Wells wrote his story " The War of the Worlds " , so it was inevitable . People began to see space creatures everywhere .
Science fiction magazines and stories spread .
And the flying saucers culture has dominated . They will be green in color .
They will have three eyes , antennae on their heads , and guns firing green extraction .
They want to occupy the planet Earth because , according to them , our resources are still virgin ..
Alison read the note , smiled , and immediately put on her coat .
Alison put on her coat , closed the door and went to her parents ' house by car .
She went to her parents ' house because they sent her an email that said that her father was okay after the operation .
When Alison knocked on her parents ' door she noticed that there were many people in her parents ' house , a man opened the front door .
When she entered the house , a man was looking at her with a bad face , when suddenly this man shot Alison 's father with a gun .
Alison left the house very scared ; it was a dream .
Nowadays , public transport is used by many people in the cities . We can find different types of public transport , such as bus ,
tube and train , but is there a future for them or not ? I am going to answer this question by discussing disadvantages and advantages and , finally , I will give my personal opinion .
To begin with , public transport is not as convenient as using our own vehicle . Every day , above all in the morning , it is usually crowded , due to people going to work .
Secondly , getting around in a city on public transport can be horrible . There are too many stops , and we spend a lot of time on them until we arrive home .
Although I have written some disadvantages , public transport is better than private transport .
Firstly , if someone wants to move in the city using a car , that can be very expensive due to traffic jams .
Secondly , public transport is more ecological and less polluting for the environment , because it produces less polluting emissions , and many public vehicles use green energy , such as electricity or gas .
In conclusion , from my point of view , public transport is more necessary now than ever before . Cities contain more automobiles and the pollution is worse .We need to change our way of thinking , and try to use public transport as an alternative to improve the environment of our cities .
Last week , my class and I went to Sicily on a school trip .
We visited many cities .
On the first day , we went to Taormina and Giardini Naxos . The day after , we visited Siracusa . On the third day , Agrigento and The Valley of the Temples , and on the last day we visited Marsala and Trapani .
I enjoyed all the cities we visited but the best , in my opinion , was Siracusa . In particular , I liked Ortigia , which is the oldest part of the city .
I also liked The Valley of the Temples of Agrigento so much : it was amazing !
I think that the worst thing about the trip was that on the last night in our room there were a lot of insects and some spiders and we had to change rooms .
Public transport nowadays has become a bit uncomfortable because we can not think of availability of seat .
A large number of people use it , which results in over - loaded buses and trains .
It takes more time to travel by public transport than by personal vehicle . There is a scarcity of buses and the timings too are not fixed .
Traveling by car or any other personal vehicle is much more convenient because it takes much less time and it takes us directly to the place where we want to go .
These days , private transport is more convenient than public transportation . Although public transport like buses , trains , ferries and intercity rail take less time and energy , sometimes it creates problems .
On public transport , people are obliged to share transport with strangers and we also have to follow company policy or regulations , but with our own transport , we do n't have to bother about these things . We travel when we want and when we have time .
We do n't have to book tickets for private transport .
So we can say that travelling in our own transportation is more convenient .
People drive cars to go to work .
The city has a lot of traffic .
They prefer to go to work by car rather than by bus .
Public transport is much cheaper than cars and reduces traffic in the city .
It 's true driving a car is so much more convenient , because people do n't need to wait for a bus .
They can drive at any time , they can come and go at any time .
They can travel to another place irrespective of the time .
Buses , boats and trains are the public transport that are most used by people .
In some cities there are n't boats , because they do n't have a river or the sea .
Buses are common in the city .
Some buses have special and preferential seats for old people .
This is interesting because people practise solidarity .
I think we should have a lot of buses in the city .
Many cars pollute the planet and people are allergic to the pollution .
The train does n't cause pollution .
This mode of transport is better for the population and means that we do n't have traffic in the city .
Another idea is riding a bicycle and walking .
This can help heauthy the people and the city will be cleaner .
So we must reduce cars on the roads .
We will be very happy and we
will be more healthy .
My favourite sport is walking . I really like this sport for several reasons :
1- It 's very common . I can do it anywhere and anytime I want .
2- It 's very cheap . I do not need to buy anything to do it .
3- It 's not a hard sport . In all cases I will not be tired after walking .
4- It makes me relax because I stop doing my activity from work and studying .
5- It gives me a lot of time to think about all my life without any disturbance from anybody .
For all these reasons , walking is my favourite sport .
From few years , people use different types of transport . We ride by bus or by car .
We fly by plane or something else .
Travelling by car is more convenient in my opinion .
First , you save money if you use a car .
When you travel by bus , you pay more .
Moreover , you travel with other people .
You stand in a queue to buy a ticket .
Secondly , you might feel uncomfortable .
On some means of transport it is too crowded and you haven ' t got a place to stand .
Sometimes you lean against a window .
It is n't good .
Finally , if you drive a car , you do n't have to worry about a timetable . You can go at any time .
When you go by bus , for example , you must wait at a cold bus stop .
I hate that .
To sum up , in my opinion , travelling by car is better .
You have comfort , you feel better .
You do n't have to worry that you wo n't arrive on time .
Unfortunately , it is very sad to say that people in my town do not care about the environment .
We need to start doing something to avoid pollution .
There are so many little things we could do to care for the environment .
So many storms and all the things happening around the world are the result of not taking care of the only planet we have to live on .
I suppose their lifestyle is intolerable , resteless and I really sympathise with them . The majority of outstanding and appreciated people are frustrated .
They turn into arrogant and furious idols because of a lack of private life and perpetual attention .
That is a pitiless trial for celebrities but , through thick and thin , they go on .They achieve the goals made exceptionally for the sake of money and vanity .
I realised it is not worth it .
Thank you for your attention .
There is one thing that confuses me , and that is the old extension number .
I am always answering wrong calls , and these calls distract me .
I receive a lot of calls looking for the previous employee and I have to spend my time explaining what happened to him .
May I have a new extension number ?
Thanks for your help .
Dear Jo ,
Romania is a beautiful country and has many jobs .
Also , there are many places to see , mountains and lakes where you can relax and have fun .
The jobs are nice and you can work for three months .
There is good pay also .
I also work in the summer as a waitress in a terrace .
It is good and people are nice .
See you soon .
Hi ,
I hope you are well .
I 'm writing you a letter because I have made a short film with my friends , and I want to tell you what the film is about and what the experience was like .
The idea of making a film came up on a Saturday night at a meeting of friends .
At first we thought that the idea was just a joke , but Jake , one of my friends , said that he had brought a video camera .
When Jake said that , we started to roar with laughter , but then , another friend suggested the idea of making a home movie .
The experience with the film was amazing , because we laughed all night and we enjoyed that very cool idea .
In itself , the film did n't have an special topic , but I can describe it as a friends film , as there is a lot of laughs , jokes , and it shows that friendship is the greatest thing that exists .
By the way , I 'm sending the film r with this letter .
Let me know about you and your life .
Hope to hear from you soon ,
Bianca
Running is my therapy .
I started running to lose weight and it ended up being a life - changing experience .
Some may say that running is very similar to religion , but to me it is more than that .
Running connects me to my inner Goddess .
Running is cheap and everyone can take up running , no experience required . After all , it is just one step after the other .
In my country , buses are an essential mode of public transport .
So I have had a lot of problems :
1 . Everyone spends a lot of time travelling .
2 . Bus drivers do n't care about the people around them .
That means they are careless people , who always drive too fast .
But public transport has advantages : If we use it is an essential mode of transport for travelling .
Therefore , the environment will be improved .
Maybe traffic accidents will be decreased .
I am writing to report on the local transport in Toluca .
The public transport most used in Toluca is the bus because it is the cheapest , but it is very bad and unsafe . The quality of it is very bad ; the buses are old and obsolete , they have broken windows and old broken seats .
The service is very bad . The drivers are very angry and stressed out so they do not drive with caution . In Toluca there are reports of high numbers of accidents involving buses .
The public transport is unsafe because of an increase in thefts and the kidnapping of users .
I suggest changing the old buses for new buses and putting security cameras on the buses .
Also , that the cameras transmit immediately the images of robbers to other buses to ensure that they are alert , and that the drivers receive training and sanctions for driving badly .
I think we live very fast , always running . We do n't enjoy our lives .
Because we want a lot of money , a lot of things , we are always working to earn more money , we do n't meet our neighbours , for example .
Maybe in the future it will be worse .
There is no future for public transport because the car has made life so easy .
It 's economically and practically more expensive .
People
prefer to use cars instead of public transport .
It 's saves time .
In olden times luxuries were not considered as compared to health , but now everyone prefers to save time and maintain privacy , which one can only afford by using her / his own private transport , so gradually , public transport is losing its charm .
public transport
I think it 's very important as it reduces the problems of both pollution and crowding . We use fewer vehicles as it is big and carries a lot of people .
The underground , trains and buses . These means of transport are cheap , so it helps the poor to save some money .
Governments should take care of public transport . They should save means of entertainment . People should keep them clean and safe . If they use them carelessly they will be useless . Now there is no future for public transport , because travelling by car is so much more convenient .
Cars are faster than public transport , so cars are more convenient than public transport . They are easier , faster and more comfortable , especially for long distances . So , governments should improve public transport as not all people have cars .
Nowadays , travelling has made it easier for humans to move all over the world .
Many people have got used to using their own vehicle as their means of transport , where they can reach their destination on time .
In the following paragraphs , I present my view on this controversial issue .
Firstly , we have different modes of transport , among these is road transport .
As the automotive industry is huge , most householders prefer to buy a car rather than use any other motor vehicle . They can move easily from departure point to destination in no time .
And they do n't need to be dependent on public transport on their journey .
As private transport is increasing day by day , it 's that there may not be any public transport in the future .
Secondly , if private transportation is increasing faster , traffic is also going to create a major problem , which causes global warming .
And the income that is gained through this transport service will automatically decrease , which will create a problem for the economy of the country .
Another issue we can see here is unemployment .
Most illiterate people choose their proficiency as public transportation , like bus service , cab service , auto service .... etc , in order to fulfil their basic needs .
More unemployed people may also lead to a higher crime rate .
I hope giving equal priority to both public and private transportation makes us healthy .
And we can see that controlling the traffic is not going out of the hands .
In all times and places there is always some typical food of the country where we live .
My name is Laura and I live in Argentina .
Here , in this country , there are typical dishes , desserts , drinks .
Some of them are roast , mate and some others , but those are the best known .
On the one hand , I like to have things that are typical in each country , apart from the fact that they are delicious , because when you 've got the opportunity to travel , you can go and experience the food too .
On the other hand , the bad thing about when there is such delicious food , is that you always want to eat some typical food from your country and in the end it 's very bad for the body because we eat it to excess .
In ten years , they did n't change those things , because they are delicious and no one would like to eat anything other than roast !
I think if the government do the best work about the transport , they can save it .
Public transport is the best way to save the planet and have a better atmosphere . Also , we save money and can meet people .
It is true a car is more comfortable , but it uses a lot of mineral resources like petrol which can pollute the atmosphere .
I do n't think public transport does not have a future . There are a lot of people who can not buy a car and they have to use community transport .
Public transport is very complicated nowadays .
Places like Mumbai are full of people and there is no place to park vehicles .
Day by day , the number of people is increasing in Mumbai .
There are more crowds and all the people want to travel by public transport , so it is difficult to travel . The best way to travel is in their
own car or van .
This will save them time .
Public transport is a good way to travel from one place to another place .
I had a word with a boy and he will reply to me by tomorrow .
It will be good to interview both and you can decide .
I am hoping this boy will come for the interview as he was saying recently he has got a new job .
Is the Internet the greatest invention of all time ?
The Internet is a useful tool for everyone , so we are communicating with distant friends , and we look for important information when we are studying or entertaining ourselves .
First of all , I am going to talk about the advantages and disadvantages of this topic .
The first advantage is that the Internet is very fast . For example , when you want information about something .
The second advantage is that the Internet by websites , such as Twitter , Facebook ... You can speak with your quick friend , or you can meet with them on the website . Therefore , you do not call them on the telephone , because the internet is very cheap .
As for disadvantages , at present , children are always playing with their computer games and mobile phones .
Both computer games and mobile phones have got the internet . As a result , they have not got time for other traditional games .
Another disadvantage is that people do not meet with friends , since they speak on Internet websites , so every time there is unless relationship , the people are not sociable .
To sum up , the Internet is the most important advance in the world , but there are a lot disadvantages and advantages .
From my point of view , the Internet is useful for everyone , but we should not abuse it , and should carry out other activities .
' Good Thriller ' was not my favorite type of genre until I saw ' No Escape ' .
This movie is about what is happening in real life right now , on the other side of the world .
They persecute an American family that went there because of the dad 's job , which was something about a company that the natives of that place hated most .
Without expecting it at all , this family went somewhere in Asia to start a new way of living .
In other words , they had to get used to a different kind of world .
It was n't that easy for the couple with two little girls .
They had to escape with the doors of the country closed , while making sure both girls did n't get their minds full of terrible things ( people killing ) .
And in some of the scenes , the little girls escaped or the dad had to make them jump from one building to another one !
Anyways , I would n't want to ruin the ending but I would definitely recommend you to see what happens next !
Helen , I did n't expect this .
It was a huge surprise for me !
I really appreciate your card that you sent me .
It made me speechless !
I have never got anything like this .
I celebrated my birthday without any complications .
We had a good time .
Hey , I 'm Hoa .
I 'm a student at the Academy of Finance .
I come from Ninh Binh province .
There are 5 people in my family : my father , my mother , my older sister and my younger brother .
I want to be an accountant .
Hello Mr Smith ,
I 'm so sorry , but I ca n't come to class next week because I have to work .
Saying that , could you tell me about next week 's work ?
I 'll try to work at home .
Thank you .
Regards ,
Laura Pérez
Dear Bublin Lost Property ,
I lost my phone on 15th Jan 2017 at 5 pm in Dublin city centre .
I still remember using my phone in Dublin city centre at the entrance .
I lost my phone near street no 1 .
Here is a description of my phone - model iphone 6 , gray color and there were scratches on the back .
Thanks
Ritesh
Dear Principal of the Effective Learning School
I am interested in your advertisement you posted in an English language magazine .
Recently I have had a job offer from a company located in London and it requires me to have an IELTS score of 6.5 for the visa .
I haven't studied for this exam at all and I have got very limited time , around 3 months , before the next test , so I would like to begin as soon as possible .
I am working in the daytime , so nighttime , 6 pm to 9 pm , or anytime on weekends would be good for me , except on Mondays and Wednesdays when I play basketball as a hobby .
Also , I am thinking of studying with you for 2 months but we can talk more about this later .
I am good at speaking and listening but not confident at writing , especially essay writing . I 've never studied writing in my life , so I want to focus on this writing part more than others .
I am looking forward to hearing from you soon .
Best regards .
Samuel Mo
Travelling by car is much more convenient but we all know really there is no future for public transport .
When we talk about public transport , there are many people and everyone travels but I think we do not feel relaxed there and if we talk about travelling by car .
It is the best or much more convenient for us .
Because we can travel anywhere , but on public transport we can not travel to any other places
I think there is a big future for public transport , because a lot of people want to use it and , more than anything else , it is convenient .
In particular , some people do n't have a car and some elderly people find it difficult to drive a car by themselves , so public transport helps them a lot .
Already , public transport has been improved and that makes it comfortable to go on a trip , but I think it will be able to be better and better quality , because so many people expectation .
I like the car as well , but when I have to drive a car , I have to think about parking a lot and I ca n't enjoy meeting other people to talk while I am travelling , so public transport is making connections between human beings .
That is why I think public transport is really important for the public and there are a lot of important things that will be possible in the future .
Every human has points of strength and weakness .
So , humans , both women and men , should behave according to these points .
The question which arises now is should the employer hire women for some posts and exclude them from others , and the same for men ?
There are two answers to this question . The first one is from those who say that it is right to exclude women from some jobs .
For example , a builder needs physical strength to carry cement and bricks .
A mechanic should have the ability to deal with the drawbacks of the job .
The second answer is that it is not correct to exclude men or women from any posts .
The explanation of those who support the second answer is that everyone is born equal in terms of duties and rights .
So no one can hire someone or give anyone a job according to gender .
Is it convenient to take a year off between leaving school and starting the university ?
I think it is not necessary and not recommendable because you have the possibility to earn money and it is difficult once you get used to earning money , you want to study again .
Also , if you want to travel , you have to make money for that and then travel .
Furthermore , you do n't study during this period and when you want to start university , you wo n't be able to remember some important things
So , if you take a year off , you have to think about it .
People use public transport to save money .
But now they are earning more money than they earned before .
Therefore , it is likely that public transport will no longer exist in the future .
I think public transport has a future where all people use public transport . Then I think that maybe it will continue to have a future but it has bad and good things . For example , it is good that it is easier to move in the city and you save time , and the bad thing is that bad people attack you and steal things . But I think that it has a future , because a lot people even if they use public transport to .
People use public transport . Also , people need to move for all the city .
What I ' m saying is that if you have future public transport that people use so much , you will have a future .
Convenience is not the only consideration when we are travelling .
A lot of people choose public transport for travelling because it 's cheaper , easier , more relaxed and sometimes faster than driving a car .
In recent years , governments have encouraged people to take public transport because of the fuel crisis .
Some governments invest a lot of money in constructing public transport networks to make travelling by public transport more convenient .
When driving a car , we will face parking space problems in a city .
Besides , traffic jams are another problem .
So , I do n't think there is no future for public transport .
My mother is my best friend in my family . She always listens to me . Sometimes I call her by her real name !
She always tells me some jokes , but sometimes I laugh !
, i love her so much . I do n't know what my world would be like without her and I do n't want to know .
I pray every day to save my mother and all my family .
My name is Tom . I 'm 12 years old .
I have . black skin , black hair .
I 'm short .
I am wearing a shirt and a pair of trousers .
I will wait for you at the train station .
Well , there are a lot of sports that people do every day , but I have one which is my favourite .
It 's basketball .
This sport has a lot of types of match which you can play .
You can play with your friends or in a team , or even alone , but this option is the most boring .
Basketball is a perfect sport because you can develop your reflections and your relationships with people .
I enjoy playing basketball because I relax when I play it and I can meet new people and travel around my city or my country . That is the best , because you can visit cities .
And you enjoy yourself with your mates and experience all those special moments with them .
I can give you some advice to start doing this sport .
This is a sport that improves your friendships and it 's so good for your health .
And maybe you will become a famous player or an ordinary player , but you will feel like a famous one .
But it is important to enjoy yourself .
The old house on the hill is a landmark in my city .
At the beginning of its history , my city was a big farm .
A river passes by the city and , occasionally , there were floods in the place .
Tired of having their houses destroyed , the landlords decided to build a new house on the hill , so they would n't be bothered by floods anymore .
There is a tale that mentions a treasure hidden in the house .
This treasure was used to finance a civil war that took place in the south of the country .
After the war , the gold was left in the house .
People came and destroyed the house looking for the big treasure .
I absolutely disagree with this statement .
There are 7 billion people in the world , and the number is increasing rapidly .
How many cars for all of the people in the world ?
Have you ever driven in a crowded city and moved at 1 km/h .
When more people use public transport , there are fewer cars on the road , you can walk and enjoy the city .
Besides , it 's also an environmental problem ; exhaust fumes engulf the earth . The more the car is used , the more exhaust gases are released . We are killing our mother earth .
In addition , those who live on below average incomes do not have money to buy a car .
An automobile is a luxury in some countries , like mine .
It 's the way to prove you are wealthy . When you get a car to your home , or go to school or work by car , people will change their minds about you .
Public transport is becoming a must - have means for many people who have a low income .
In conclusion , public transport is our future means of transport . I mean for most citizens .
Not car , though it 's convenient .
My favourite sport is swimming . It makes me feel comfortable and leaves me in a good mood . I go swimming twice a week , and my advice to anyone wanting to start swimming is to enjoy every moment of it .
I have read an article on IFLS that talks about a sheep that has a human face .
It shows in the video that the sheep actually has a big nose and lips just like a human .
Which is one of the weirdest things I have seen .
They say the reason why he has a human face is the farmer gave his mom an extra dose of Vitamin A. As a result , that causes the deformity in his face .
I think it is just a coincidence that the sheep looks like a human .
On the other hand , the farmer who owns the sheep refused to sell the sheep for a higher price than normal to the circus .
I think the sheep should be transferred to a place where there is specialisation in animals with the same condition .
Life is a long journey . Every day , we gain more and more experience .
We become not only older , but also wiser . We learn , but the most useful thing to learn is to get a lot of experiences and , for sure , to make mistakes . But we have to be honest with ourselves and admit our mistakes to avoid them in the future .
I am in Kyoto eating Yatsuhashi .
I have seen Momiji .
It is very beautiful .
Becsuse it is turning red !
I have never seen this sight .
I played badminton with my family last night .
Dear Jo ,
As you know , my grandmother currently lives in France with my cousin John . Unfortunately , he has to do a three - month course outside of the country . John needs to leave France next weekend , but it is not possible . I have to go and look after her because none of my family can spend three months over there .
I am so sorry to delay your visit , which was planned months ago , but as I told you , it is not in my hand , but I feel like it was .
Why do n't you come to visit France instead of Spain ?
Could be amazing !
Just think about it and give me a call .
Send my love to your family , and a big kiss to you !
Dear Sir ,
I am writing to you because I would like to book my holiday from 0:00 a.m on Wednesday 26 August to 12:00 p.m. on Friday 04 September .
Yours Sincerely
Mariusz Kaczorowski
Nowadays , technology is more modern than in the past and people are always developing their inventions to make them more useful .
We as humans living in these days , rely on technology . Every aspect of our lives is supported by technology .
And because of technology , our lives become easier .
One example is television . In the past , we used it only for watching the news and movies , but as time goes by and the technology develops , now television has other functions .
Television can be used tor many things . Usually we watch television for entertainment , but we can also use it for education too .
These are the proofs that television can also educate .
First , television has many programs which can be used for education .
Many programs consist of lessons for kids to learn . For kids who still want to learn to speak and know the words , it is very useful , because many programs are very suitable for them to help them learn faster by watching television .
Besides that , we can also use television to make us become knowledgeable , by watching news programs .
Second , these days , television has become modern and that means television can be connected with the internet .
By that advantage , now we can easily search and get information from the internet by using a television .
We can search for it by browsing or we can also access YouTube to help us .
So we can watch a program that we wanted , so we can choose what is good and not .
In conclusion , television can entertain and also educate , because television programs do it in an interesting way .
I will talk about my favourite sport .
My favourite sport is football . I enjoy playing football with my friends . We play at night . It is very exciting to play when it 's raining .
When anyone fails to pass the ball or misses a goal we shout in his face " are you crazy ? How did you miss that goal ? "
But we are too interested .
We enjoy watching football matches .
My favourite sport is football .
I 'm not good at playing it , and I prefer to play volleyball , but I like to watch the games .
The emotions the only try if you 're a fan of any team , and you know the happiness that you feel when it wins , it 's indescribable .
Football is usually a sport that appeals primarily to males , but I 'm a girl and sometimes I realize that I know more than some males .
I started following football in 2007 , at just 10 years old . I started because I fell in love with a team , and that then led me to love football in general .
I like to watch the games at home with my father , but always go to the stadium with my dad . You feel indescribable emotions . And my father was to convey this passion .
The future of public transport should be taken seriously . In my opinion , public transport is the best option for solving the problems with traffic congestion because , when we use a bus or subway , a lot of people are travelling from one place to other in just one vehicle .
For many years , public transport has allowed people to travel a long distance for work that otherwise would not be possible .
Better still , the future of public transport is essential for a better life without traffic .
When we use a car , in general , one person is the only person who is accustomed to using their own car , so this is not exploiting the potential of the car .
At the same time , we need more cars for more people . That 's the cause of more traffic .
It 's for this reason that I think public transport is a great benefit to society , and a good way for us to move from one place to another . I suggest that the government should invest more money for the purpose of improving public transport .
Hi Freddy ,
I have received your letter .
I apologise to you for not writing sooner , but I 've been really busy lately .
Your party sounds extremely enjoyable .
Here , parties are normally for family and friends .
The men usually wear their best suits and the women have long dresses on
George 's restaurant is a very pleasant place with many tasty recipes from all around the world to enjoy your dinner alone or with company .
The head chef is an experienced and skillful man at his work .
The food his team of chefs prepare is always magnificent and the decoration a work of art . Not to mention that the decoration is fully engaged in the head chef . Not only is the food , but also the restaurant itself is a very beautiful destination .
Designed by famous decorators and their partners
, with the latest technological systems for lighting and beautiful painted walls with great masterpieces by well - known artists and upcoming talents .
Last but not least , the service is remarkable .
The waiters are happy to help in any way they can and work hard enough to reach their full potential so they can relish you .
So fairly George 's restaurant is one of the most universally renowned restaurants .
I 'm afraid I 'm not quite with you , even approve public transport will get more popular in the future .
You ca n't disagree that our world become urbanization in the future , can you ?
That will make our life more and more crowded .
Today 's television !
Once you have in mind by inviting others to get home and watch TV is what people expected !
The big deal is entertainment , and quality is part of it .
Keep in mind what you should do before buying your own TV .
You should consider that large and being untouchable TV is what you must find in one .
However , people nowadays look for a good design and not for quality . The big problem is that price is against quality , even though a good designing of TV series in well - known stores is the big option that we can choose to check .
Consider a good price and good quality by checking and visiting stores . You should not spend too much money by buying the biggest TV , you can save money by only watching a few minutes in stores , take your seat , enjoy and list if you are convinced .
In conclusion , enjoy watching movies on your own TV considering price and quality . Some TV brings you the experience of enjoying your favourite movies in other scenery . Will you try ?
Whether people who reach 18 should do military service is an issue . The supporters suggest that it is helpful for 18-year - olds to train their physical fitness and psychological qualities , whilst opponents point out that it is harmful to human rights and affects the development of a country .
Considering both views , it can be concluded that the government should respect human rights and set up a new department which can be used by people who want to apply to do military service .
In my opinion , our lives will undergo a dramatic change in the next 50 years .
You just have to think that 50 years ago we did n't know what a smartphone or a laptop was , in schools we used books of paper and not tablets or iPads , and now technology is part of our lives .
I think and hope that maybe in 50 years scientists will find a cure for many diseases and that will change our lives , because we could live for longer .
1 , Álamo Street
Alameda de Osuna , Madrid
28042
Dear John ,
I want thank you for the invitation but I ca n't come to the party because it is my sister 's s burradas .
I apologise .
Best wishes .
Your friend
Maria
I am currently a doing Master 's but I can devote myself to the Fellowship , especially since I have finished the Pre - Masters and now I need only follow up from time to time with my supervisor . So I have the time for the Fellowship .
I agree with the statement that Mark Twain is the greatest American writer .
His works are known all over the world .
When I read his poem " The Adventures of Tom Sawyer " I was excited .
The last thriller I watched was " True Detective " by HBO .
That is an eight - episode film .
First of all , I would like to tell you about the atmosphere of the film .
It is like you are going downstairs to a dark room and feeling curiosity and fear at the same time .
I was impressed because I ' d never seen such films before .
That slow - motion action is so impressive that I have watched it all day .
In particular , I would like to point out Mathew McConnahy 's role .
The philosophy of this hero is so different to what we used to think every day that I have taken a look at my life from another point of view .
Last time I was so impressed watching " Fight Club " by David Fincher .
I really recommend that movie to watch .
Hi Lara ,
nice to meet you ! I 'm Lorelain , I 'm 36 years old and I 'm from Rome .
My hobbies are reading , travel and cooking .
I usually go to the seaside on Sunday morning .
I 've got one brother , Francis .
I work in advertising . I 'm an account .
I hope to see you soon .
Lo
This report aims to give a clear idea about preserving the environment in my town .
First of all , the local council organised a competition promoting ecological awareness and encouraging the local community to preserve the environment .
Second , new rules were legislated condemning any person intending to harm the environment in any way .
Third , supporting recycling by inventing three types of rubbish bins for hard waste , for liquids , and the third for clothes .
I am a big fan of Arsenal ,
so it will come as no surprise that my favourite sport is football .
Football is considered to be the most watched and followed sport worldwide .
I would like to look at this sport from different perspectives .
Firstly , football plays a vital role in unifying people locally and internationally . For example , it helps the US and China to normalize their relations .
Secondly , football generates money .
Thirdly , an from aesthetic point of view , it was called the beautiful game by Pele .
Although I have been playing football for years , I am still not a professional player . This may be because I am not talented .
We will learn today some information about Islam . Islam is a great religion that comes from the Arabian Peninsula and it was founded 1436 years ago .
Mohammed was a kindly prophet born in a small city called Mekka and he travelled to another city close to Mekka called Almadina because the people of Mekka were very aggressive and they did not accept the new invitation to the new religion .
Mohammed came back to his town , Mekka , after that and forgave the people of Mekka who abused him .
Hello dears ,
We will talk about how people 's lives will change in the future .
I think the principal things in our talk are the internet , computers , technology and communications .
Education will not be in schools and universities , but it will be on the internet by many methods like : Self Education , E - learning education , on many websites like : EDX and Coursera and distance education .
Shopping will also be on the internet ; everything will be !
Dear Sir or Madam ,
I 'm writing to you because I 'm interested in applying for the job in summer camps .
I saw the advertisement last week in the newspaper and I think that I 'm the right person for the job .
I 'm forty years old and I have experience of looking after children in my town because I have been working in a primary school as a teacher for four years .
On the other hand , I like swimming a lot and I used to play tennis in a local team three years ago .
Moreover , I am a kind - hearted person who enjoys meeting people a lot .
In your advertisement you mention working in kitchens ; I live in a small town and my grandfather was a farmer .
He lived near our town and I used to spend my holidays with him , and , of course , I used to help him with his cows and rabbits , so I could do this work again for your company .
Finally , I think I 'm a friendly woman who likes children and wants to work and learn this summer in the U.S.A. , so ,
I look forward to receiving your answer soon .
Yours faithfully
The diagrams show how bank notes are made .
Firstly , they design the bank notes ' background colour , its artwork and security issues .
Second is the preparation of the metal plates .
It 's done by skilled machinists .
Then the sheets of bank notes are printed . Printing colour on both sides and use special ink and the images are slightly raised .
When printing is finished , they have to be inspected .
It is the most important step .
Printed sheets are manually inspected .
Finally , they find good quality sheets and some partially damaged sheets or bad sheets .
They will package and distribute the sheets which are good .
At this point , they first cut the sheets into separate bank notes . Second , they pack the sheets and dispatch them .
At the same time , bad sheets and bank notes are securely destroyed .
Why not ? Firstly , what 's education for you ? It 's very clear to me that education is creating the conditions to make your thinking grow .
If the way to do that is easy and nice , I think in the end it is better than explaining theoretical concepts .
The other reason for my opinion is that almost all people prefer using the eyes and ears to other people , rather than write and listen to understand new things .
While we are having a good time watching TV , our brain is not in calm , just in another position different to the ones during the rest of the day .
That 's why I think that it 's a good moment to see things in a new way and that can be a very good opportunity .
Definitely , it does not always depend on the kind of programme , but I think that nowadays , a lot of television offers help for people to develop more effectively .
Hunting is the most enjoyable thing I know . I like to hunt because it is so peaceful to be out in the forest .
I started to hunt when I was seven years old .
I hunt with my dad and my stepdad . We hunt all different animals .
The animals I like to hunt most are birds , rabbits , moose and roe deer .
I hunt most with my dad , and we always have great fun when we hunt , but sometimes we can be a bit angry with each other .
Me and my dad have three dogs and we hunt moose , rabbit and roe deer with them .
Their names are Pluto , Krocken and Zelda .
When I 'm with my stepdad and hunt we have great fun because we stay in a cabin and he 's a really funny man too . I laugh every evening and have great fun .
They 've got many moose , so they shoot a lot of them , and they shoot at least every time I am there .
My stepdad shot a very big moose when I was there with him and I got the trophy of the moose .
Dear all
I am communicating with you with the purpose of letting you know that we are going to set up a meeting at my office with the purpose of discussing how we could use social media to improve the communication with our suppliers . I think a great time for the meeting would be next Monday at 4:00 p.m
Kind regards
Armando Martínez
Mr. President
I am going to communicate to you something about military service .
The purpose of this letter is to notify you about some complaints that some citizens have . This is related to why only boys have to be in the draft for military service , and girls do not have to .
I think we want to have equal rights for both .
Kind regards
Cesar Vega
Hello Sam !
How are you ? I am fine .
Thanks for your letter .
Yes , I have a favourite restaurant .
It 's near my home .
When I go to the restaurant , I always eat Mexican food such as tacos or fajitas .
It 's really good !
I would n't mind eating there every day !
However , I just go to the restaurant on special occasions , such as my birthday or when I pass an exam .
I would like to go next Friday . Do you want to go with me ?
I hope to hear from you soon ,
Bye ,
This diagram is used to illustrate the process of making bank notes , covering seven main stages .
First of all , we should think of a design and decide the background colour and artwork , or even security issues .
And then , for the preparation of metal plates , skilled machinists are used .
Next , printing . Sheets of bank notes are printed ( 50 bank notes per sheet ) with colour on both sides , and specWell , the . Well , the most important step is inspection , printed sheets should be manually inspected .
Have you ever spent the holidays combining fun and knowledge ?
When I used to spend my vacation in Mecca after doing my Omrah , I visited several places . Among them was a house for teaching the holy book of Quran .
This house can be characterized as containing large numbers of students who have memorized the holy book of Quran .
It is located between neighborhoods with aesthetic characters in the Alhijaz design area .
And conservation mechanism followed in this house encouraged students to become a part of it .
Finally , if you want to rest and have good companionship , go to this house .
The pyramids were not made by machines or computers and that is from the secrets of the ancient Egyptians of how they could build a great building like that about 7,000 years ago and it is still strong now . People from all over the world come to Egypt to see it s great civilization . Around 2 million people come to the pyramids yearly . You can be one of them .
Come visit the land of peace and civilization .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
I am writing to express my interest in applying for an English course .
First of all , I would like to present some background information about myself . My name is Said Ahmed .
My English language is weak . I would like to improve it to complete my postgraduate studies .
The reason for choosing the English language specifically next September I would like to get to know more information about an English language course .
Our school is organizing a funfair .
This activity is really interesting and you should n't miss it .
Do you want to know how much fun it is now ?
Keep your excitement and attend the event .
You will gain a sense of satisfaction .
There are a number of reasons why you should attend the funfair .
It is meaningful enough that you can raise money for the poor or help meet somebody 's needs by buying things .
It would be kind of you to attend the event and buy something .
It is such a perfect activity that the school can show the great to others .
As one of the members of the school community , you should n't miss the event , n't you ?
Also , there are some performances after the funfair .
It supposes that you can enjoy the show .
If these reasons why you should take part in the event haven't whetted your appetite , you might try searching for some information about the event last year .
It is hoped that the successful funfair or other student s ' experiences will encourage you to participate in the funfair .
It is believed that the fun fair will be held successfully this year too .
My favourite sport is fitness . I love going to the gym , because there we meet new people , make friends and we can relax .
I always go to the gym . I look all the time separate 1 hour and half for that .
When I am there I can relax and I try to not think about my problems and my work .
I enjoy myself all the time when I am there .
On Wednesday after that I go to my belly dance lessons . I love it , because I can express all my feelings .
Sometimes we have a presentation and competition .
I feel very proud about that .
I think everyone should do one sport . We can feel better after that and that is very good for our health .
Effective teachers have clear and consistent communication and management skills .
The teacher uses lesson time effectively .
Spend less time to pass .
Classroom management is good .
Studies and monitors students ' progress , helps them to deal with their problems .
Students must take a serious assessment about himself .
It was a cloudy and cold October night .
I was in a park when I saw a man standing just behind me .
So I started to walk away from there , but the guy started to follow me .
So I had to walk quickly until I could enter an old and abandoned house behind the park .
I started to walk through the house until I heard a noise .
Then a ghost appeared in front of me and the guy appeared behind me .
Then I woke up and realized it had all been a bad dream .
End .
I live in a small city called Caceres .
This city is located in the north of Extremadura .
In Cáceres , we take care of the environment .
The people in this city are aware that there are care of nature .
Therefore , in this city there are not many factories .
The people recycle the rubbish and they throw away the rubbish in different containers .
The yellow container is for plastic , like water bottles ; the blue container is for cardboard , like milk cartons ; the green container is for glass , like glass bottles .
Every day , sweepers clean the Caceres streets and people teach their children that rubbish must n't be thrown away in the street .
Sagrada Familia , also called Gaudi 's Cathedral , is a very touristic Roman Catholic church located in Barcelona which is still under construction .
Antoni Gaudi was the Catalan architect who designed it in 1798 and in 1882 its construction got started .
Nowadays , due to the current economic crisis , its construction has been stopped until an undetermined date .
It is interesting because it has
Dear Sir or Madam ,
When I was ten years old , I really liked to play football very much . I joined a football team which is near to my home . I prefer this team because my family is not rich , they can not provide for my transportation fees to go to do exercise at a stadium .
The team is not very famous , but I know in the future it will be .
I try to be a football player there .
The team name comes from the local area , which is AKSARAY . I like to play and watch football as well .
I want to advise all students to start this sport for their health and to get rid of stress . Sports mean is not like to spell time and to loss calorie .
After doing sport , you will feel your body becoming strong and your brain will be without stress .
Therefore , everyone must do sport according to their ability .
Finally , I like to play football for my health .
In my life , many dreams have existed in my mind which are sweet , incredible , magical or horrible .
However , one of my dreams stays in my heart so that I ca n't ever forget it .
One night , as usual , I was sleeping .
In a flash , I rolled down a mountain and I did n't know where I was .
It was just a very long tunnel that was dark and strange . After , I felt my body ache .
I began to yell and hoped someone could help me to leave there .
Fifty minutes passed , and my body was no longer sore .
I decided to walk to the end .
Constantly , I just walked like without terminal contest .
While I struggled to walk .
Finally , I saw a light appear and I woke up .
Seeing same light appeared my eyes .
It makes me feel that it was a strange dream .
Nowadays we see an enormous improvement in infrastructure .
Nevertheless , travel by car is easier for commuters , for example , because they can choose a personal timetable without the terrible discomfort of buses . In addition , there is a fair chance that by the end of this century dwellers will stop travelling by public transport , especially if the government invested their money in green energy and we could discover a new green car , which in turn , would revolutionise our lives .
Well , the way that we use television depends on each one of us .
We will have people that use the television as fun , most of the time ; but we also have other people that use television for research .
For example , the channel '' Animal Planet '' has a lot of information about animals and how they live .
In my opinion , people use television for distraction .
When we come home after work , or school , we need a way to relax .
Maybe studies we do in another way ; in research on computers , in books , etc ...
The television is being more and more utilized by people , so we are getting more problems with vision .
It looks like a kind of addiction ... We need to use the technology on our behalf .
The capitalist world makes us increasingly become us updated .
So we have to watch the national news to keep us connected .
Nowadays , everybody has the ability to buy a television , so the numbers of TV viewers is going up ; even if you are poor or rich ; most can watch a movie , or a documentary .
There are no excuses not to be an informed person .
Going shopping is one of those things that you can love or , like me , you can hate .
Normally , I do n't spend a lot of time on going shopping , even when I really need something .
In general , I find it very boring and stressful .
If I must do it , my favourite way of shopping is on the high street of my town , or in another town or country .
The shopping centres , full of people and noise , are crazy !
Shopping online is also not , from my experience , a good way of shopping .
In my case , I 'm always wrong with the sizes and returning the products , takes me a long time and a great effort , so it is n't worth it .
It is much better to take a walk along the high street and do something for pleasure during this time .
Socializing online helps us to contact our friends in an easy way in different places and this way does n't cost us money .
Socializing does not cost us money , but we need one place to contact each other .
Finally , we enjoy both ways in our life .
For the last few years , public transport has been forgotten .
Now , public transport is not the future , because travelling by car is much more convenient .
People who do n't use public transport , think that travelling by car is much better .
But they do n't know about the big problem with pollution .
I think .
If everybody used public transport , the world would be much better , and people will be less stressed , because they will be not worried about parking spaces or being in the traffic .
Maybe it will be a really good opportunity for people to be more healthy too .
Compared with local bookstores , publishers or media such as newspapers considering the Internet market , public transportation has a much better future .
There are two reasons .
The first reason is that public transportation carries humans .
Humans are the most sensitive luggage .
You have to take very great care when you carry humans .
Even though people try to develop drones to reduce logistical costs , it is difficult to apply technology to carrying humans .
The second reason is that automatic driving technology needs some more time for development .
Also , automatic driving technology is already applied to trains .
The running costs will be decreased .
We are going on a vacation next week .
We prefer to take a flight to Hawaii .
We love to travel here and there , but this is the place I have wanted to go a since long time ago .
I hope it will be fun there , and thinking about the beautiful scenery makes me feel that I must go while I can . I ca n't wait till the day comes .
Dear Hadeel ,
How are you doing ?
And how is your family doing ?
I hope you are all doing well .
I received your letter yesterday and I was really happy to hear from you .
Following your letter , I want to tell you about the apartment . It is very beautiful , not big or small , but medium - sized with two rooms inside , a bathroom and a dining room and an external director categorize overlooking a beautiful view . I am sure he will like it . to come and Tri condo b soon , n the end , I would say that I miss you so much and I hope to see you soon .
Take care and goodbye ! ! !
My favorite sport is swimming .
That 's because swimming is really fun .
Also , I think swimming can keep your body fit and it can make the swimmer cool down when it is a sunny day .
The advice that I would give to someone who wants to start swimming .
It is not to be afraid of the water , otherwise they ca n't learn to swim , and also , when they get older , it will be more difficult to learn than when they are young .
So , this is the advice that I would give them .
English - I find it great !
I like learning English .
It 's my passion .
I like talking to friends and I can communicate with other people .
I ca n't pronounce well .
I do n't know where the stress of words is .
It 's so difficult .
So annoying when I ca n't continue learning English .
Michael was a little boy . He was 10 years old . He went with his parents to his grandfather 's home .
The home was on the shore . There was a tunnel and it 's hole was in the deep . At first he used to be polite and obey the other orders .
Once a day , he met a girl called Sarah . She was 9 years old . Although Michael was bigger , Sarah could control him . Every day they went to the sea to play and swim until the sun set . Once a day Sarah made a challenge to Michael about who could enter the tunnel from the hole in the sea and get out of the other hole on the shore , but Michael was afraid . He was asking himself which animals could be there or if there was air there , but he had no choice , so he accepted the challenge . Sarah told him she would go first . She took a breath ... a deep one , and started to dive .
Micheal was afraid . He waited for Sara to get out . He went to the shore to see if she came from the other side , but he found no footprints . His mother called him and he went home still thinking about Sarah . It was night and he was afraid to go there again . He went to sleep . Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
A clean and healthy environment is always acceptable to all kinds people .
Our city is quite clean and habitable ; people are more careful than before .
They are sincerely managing waste and avoiding carbon - generated products .
Also , they obey the rules and regulations of the city authorities .
First , the waste management system of our area is more effective than before .
Our authorities now follow the scientific method for rubbish control ; recycle , reuse , galvanization .
As a result , the city - dwellers are now enjoying a more healthy environment .
It is a more expected criteria , why the authority step up many organizations working for waste management .
Due to our help , people 's work has become easier .
In most cases , not only my family members but also our neighbors like to avoid carbon - level - increasing products that are responsible for temperature increases .
Many organizations work to raise the environmental awareness of pupils , so people are more concerned about environmental pollution .
Now , the government is working to decrease smoke emissions from the mills and industry .
Scientists and researchers jointly work to reduce carbon emissions .
Some progress has been made already ; it s implementation also runs at full speed .
Last but not least , the strict rules and regulations have a more effective impact on making a good town .
Our authorities are more careful about the rules and regulations ; hence no - one can disobey the rules .
The job announcement on your webpage immediately grabbed my attention , as it has always been my dream to work for the German - Norwegian Youth Forum and the requirements are just the skills that I can provide you with .
The first time I took part in the youth forum was in 2012 , and since then , it has been a big part of my life .
Influenced by it , I started to look for universities in Scandinavia .
Since 2013 , I have been studying English and Marketing Communication at University College Syddanmark .
It is well accepted that shopping is not always enjoyable , and the following are my reasons .
Firstly , shopping can waste so much of your time .
You may not realize it when you shopping happily .
But you may find that when you notice you have many things you still need to finish .
Secondly , shopping can make you upset because of something you can not afford .
You may come across something , such as a luxury bag , but you can not buy it because of the tight budget .
Furthermore , even if you just buy something you can afford , you may also waste much more money .
So , based on what I have written , I think shopping is not always very happy . We can easily find something much happier than shopping .
My favourite sport is cricket . I have loved cricket very much since from my school days .
Cricket is a game of bat and ball in which there are two teams which have eleven players on each side .
Generally , we use a cricket ground which has an oval shape .
Travelling by car is certainly much more convenient than travelling by trams or trolleybuses , which only follow the lines of their routes .
But thinking about the environment , traffic jams and sometimes the absence of parking spaces makes me change the statement .
On the one hand , you put all your things in the car and drive anywhere you want to . On the other hand , if you feel not well enough to drive , you have no money to buy a car , or the downtown of your city is closed to all means of transport except for public ones , the tram , bus or trolleybus is your way out .
HOW CAN YOU BEST LOOK AFTER YOUR ENVIRONMENT ?
Good question about item , how can answer , if you want to win £ 100 .
I have a few easy recepts , how you can be a well off £ 100 and how you can help the environment .
Firstly , I will describe how I can help my local environment and what I do that is useful for it .
I have been a very strict and keen ecologist for 10 years .
I am interested in natural ways we can help in the local area .
I am a serious fan of the environment .
I describe how it looking my everyday life .
I tend to ride my bicycle from home to work , I have n't used my car or buses for a long time , because it is not healthy and costs a lot .
A bicycle is for me the best way we can be fit and in a good condition and also create less pollution without cars .
Secondly , I save water and electricity , because the costs are quite expensive .
So , my bills for water are inexpensive , because I have swapped having a bath to taking a shower .
Next point is an issue , that if I am not at home , I switch off the heating .
I switch on the home heating for a temporary period . When I am working from home , I use more energy to warm my home .
The next point is the fact that recycling glass and paper is very important .
I tend to collect three different boxes of waste , for paper , second for glass and plastic and third for the rest of my rubbish .
It 's a very domestic and a huge issue for our lives .
We learn to really segregate waste and , in the future , how we could , for example , use the same glass a second time .
Finally , we are obligated to care about the environment , because it 's our duty .
I think it is true , because a lot of people like travelling by car .
But there are some problems , like these - how will a lot of people drive who do n't like to drive or ca n't drive because they have some problems with their health .
Anyway , a lot of people will need some transport in some cases , not private , but public , and we ca n't say that this kind of transport will not be useful .
Maybe , in small part
Some years ago when the weather was colder here people ate more meat with wine . In fact , growing vegetables was not possible because of the weather .
In fact , today people are interested in drinking wine when attending parties or meeting with friends .
There are various opinions about how foods play an essential role in our lifestyle .
Potatoes and meat are popular foods among our people .
Although a healthy diet is quite expensive , young people follow special diets in order to have a better body shape or a healthy life .
Actually , modern life has caused our palate to change . Instance some people who work the majority of their waking hours prefer to eat fast food more .
Our commitments cause us to forget ourselves and our health .
It may cause increasing weight or reducing the number of necessary vitamins which our body needs .
In my view , the reason for having more energy during the day lies in the diet program which is followed by each of us .
In conclusion , if we make a decision to live longer , following a suitable diet is crucial and unavoidable .
The members of my family are nowhere near my best friends .
You see , I do not see members of one 's family as one 's best friends because , personally , I did n't and still do n't have a great relationship with anyone in my biological family .
And this may have affected my way of thinking and acting in different situations .
So no , the members of my biological family are n't my best friends .
Dear Sir ,
Thank you for giving me the chance to pass on this information as per your request .
In my town , there are many regulations that are enforced by the municipality and the environment ministry , such as preventing animals like sheep , horses , cows .. etc , from being in the town and in the populated areas .
Besides , due to the critical situation we are experiencing and facing in Iraq .
As we are fully dependant on individual generators , these are causing multiple problems with the weather due to their smoke , oil and gas left behind , in addition to noise , of course , because they are the main source of the 18 continuous hours of noise .
People , especially generator owners , have started using Canaopies , using very long pipes to get rid of as much as they can of the pollution .
Other residential areas , using their potential to maintain the environment by planting trees , roses , have numerous green spaces .
Also , recycling the trushes is a very intelligent way to keep the town clean and get multiple uses out of the products in industry lines .
on the other hand , the eldest people in our city have many social responsibilities and are encouraging the youngest people to participate in the annual gardening festival for the indoor and outdoor gardens .
Finally , we always believe that one hand can not clap .
Although each household can make a real difference by taking good care of the area in front of their houses and keeping it clean .
Hope that this information is useful
Regards .
Michael and Marcuangolo were friends , but in school they were enemies . They had amazing battles in the playground .
One day , at the end of classes , Marcuangolo wanted to hit Michael , and Michael ran away .
Michael stopped and hit his enemy .
Marcuangolo fell in the street .
A car crashed into him and Marcuangolo started bleeding .
Michael took his enemy to the hospital .
There was a doctor in the emergency room and Michael explained the problem to him .
The doctor was angry and Michael cried .
They took Marcuangolo to a room and put the boy in a bed .
The doctor asked for his phone number and he phoned his parents .
Michael understood that he must take away .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
As soon as I came to university , my life changed .
Before I started university , I had n't a lot of friends and I was so lonely , but after I started to study at Ton Duc Thang university , I became more happy , comfortable and sociable .
In my class , I have a group of close friends , and they treat me very well .
I'll have a friend at university because I scared strangers .
The first day I studied at the university , I made a lot of friends .
We sit around together and talk about where they live .
At the weekend , I like going for a walk and getting some fresh air with my friend .
We laugh and eat together .
I was very happy at the time , and I have the friend sincerely .
I expect we 'll be best friends forever .
It was a wonderful experience for me .
I was walking to a football training session with my friend Michal last week .
It was raining and it was dark .
The weather was horrible .
We were talking about the last match . We were discussing our faults , when suddenly we heard a loud noise .
It turned out that a bus hit a lorry just in front of us .
The people were screaming .
Some passengers were hurt and weak .
I ran to help them and we also called an ambulance .
The police came after 5 minutes and the ambulance too .
It was a scary situation .
We were shocked !
Hi Isabel
I live in Deria which is located in Dubai .
It is a small and quite city .
I like the Indian restaurants in the city . In addition , the infrastructure and roads are well organised .
obeying to the statement above , it 's necessary to say that this is a very interesting topic , because it 's closely related to actual problems , such as problems with the environment .
That is to say , that most cars are not green , namely ; current cars are not designed to have a good impact on the environment .
Regarding the reason for the described situation , it is due to the strong economic interests of oil companies , which are aimed at getting as much money as possible , regardless of the damage that they are causing to species of plants and animals .
Thus , the question is , travelling by car is so much more convenient for whom ?
For multinationals maybe ?
Or for some consumers that can afford a toxic and expensive car
, even though , when the public transport gets so crowded , it is indeed less harmful , in terms of the impact on the environment , because it means more individuals in the same place , whereas each new car means increasing pollution .
Travelling by public transport would be more convenient with a good conscience of protect the planet .
The idea of banning cars from the centre of all major cities has advantages and disadvantages .
The good things about not allowing cars in city centres are that the traffic will be reduced , trips will be faster and the pollution will be reduced .
On the other hand , the bad things are that you have to park outside of the city centre and these areas will be crowded , you ca n't visit places with your car and people with physical problems could have difficulties with public transport .
In my opinion , it is a good idea , but perhaps the restriction could have exceptions for certain people and certain days and times , or if you need to visit a particular place with your car , you could ask for special permission .
In the village where I live , there is a lot of vegetation . For that reason , we try to protect the environment . One of the things we do is to do maintenance every week to the vegetation zone , checking if there is any garbage . To avoid this , we teach the younger generation environmentalist actions so they do n't throw cans , paper , or candies on the floor . They can also help the older people . There are cases where a person throws garbage on the street or on the vegetation . To avoid that happening again , we have a punishment that is to pay some money . If they do n't , they wo n't be allowed to enter the village park and zoo again , unless they are visitors . In that case , we tell him or her the way we live in the village and , we give him or her advice to keep a beautiful place without garbage .
Another environmentalist action we use is to protect the wildlife by taking care of them . For that we have a care centre and , other additional institutions . We also make environmental protection centers where people can visit and learn about this . To sum up , our village is very focussed on taking care of the natural world that surrounds us .
Dear Sir / Madam ,
I am one of the students at Telemark University College .
I am studying on the Literature and Language bachelor programme .
I am so interested in this major .
But it is not relevant to my future life .
If it is possible , I would like to change my study programme .
It is from the bachelor programme to the 1 year programme .
Could you help me please ?
Sincerely
Lian Glai Hu Patel
Studentnr : 012345
Hello Jo !
how are you ? I have just received your letter .
In my country there are many interesting places to visit and it is a country to improve with your job , also , also , it is easy to find a job . There are many jobs and many different types of jobs .
This country has many interesting places to visit . If you want to have an adventure , you have to go to the aconcagua in Mendoza .
If you want to have fun , you can go to Parque de la Costa . There are many interesting rollercoasters .
And if you want to go to the best museum of art in Argentina , you should go to Malba .
See you soon ,
Richard .
In my opinion , public transportation is the most convenient way to travel . The air pollution is one reason that I prefer public transportation .
In addition , it is more economical than owning a car .
You can save time and go anywhere more quickly by public transport .
Nowadays , in school , we learn a lot of subjects which we use more or less in our lives . Some of them are really important , but some of them are just a waste of time .
On the one hand , we had n't to range subjects by their
I was born in Danderyd 's hospital in 2001 .
When I was born , I weighed 3650 grams and I was 52 centimeters tall .
I have one big brother , he is 14 years old and goes to Mörby Skolan .
I have only lived in one place in my life .
I like parkour because it 's really fun . I also like guitar and playing video games .
The best place I 've visited is probably Orlando because I like all the amusement parks and roller coasters .
My favorite is the Hulk roller coaster at universal studios .
My favorite foods are pizza , tacos and kebab .
The given topic to write about is a common issue nowadays in my country .
Public transport is not convenient for most the people because every person wants to arrive at his destination on time , but when using public transport it is very difficult to arrive on time .
FIVE NIGHTS AT FREDDY 'S
It all began in 1981 when Freddy Fazbear 's Pizza opened . The establishment is a pizza restaurant but this pizza restaurant had robots . In 1981 there were four animatronics and their names were Chica , Foxy , Bonnie and Freddy .
Three robots at a specific hour perform a show with instruments like a band .
Foxy the pirate performs a show on her own in her pirate cove . The children love Foxy because he plays with the kids , answering questions about the pirates and telling a pirate story .
When Freddy began to sing , the kids screamed and they sang with Freddy the famous Freddy Fazbear 's Song . Bonny played the drums and Chica served the pizza to the children , This year the establishment closed because they found the body of a dead child .
In 1983 , the pizza restaurant reopened with more security and robots with a more friendly appearance .
The establishment sought a security guard who had to guard the pizza restaurant at night . I am the security man .
When I saw the advertisement for the job , in that time , I thought that it would be very easy . I called the number , they give me the information , and I accepted .
The rules are simple : just look at the laptop , watch the animatronics , wait until 6:00am and close the doors if you need to . I said OK .
My first night was easy because I only watched the screen and passed from camera to camera and nothing strange happened . I could only hear footsteps and noises .
My second and third nights were very strange because on the cameras the animatronics moved as if they wanted to get to my room and do something to me .
The fourth and fifth nights were the worst because the animatronics were very active , they closed and opened the doors because they were trying to get into my room .
But I managed to survive the night .
After tonight , I left the place and never went back to Freddy 's Pizza .
Dear Linda ,
My name is Lorenza .
My height is 1.65 metres .
My hair is brown and my eyes are dark . I will arrive at the Central Station at eleven o'clock and I will wear a read coat and a yellow scarf .
See you later .
Thank you very much .
Lo
Hi friend ,
This holiday I am in Barcelona with my girlfriend .
It is an amazing city , it is really fun .
You can see monuments , theatres , beaches and different shops .
It is the most European city in Spain .
Rosetta becomes first spacecraft to orbit .
After a long flight , it reaches an orbit that is a very long way out of the solar system .
NASA replied that it was a really amazing achievement that Rosetta left the solar system .
This may be the greatest leap since Armstrong landed on the Moon .
NASA replied that Rosetta will keep on its journey travelling across the Universe .
Travelling by car is becoming a comfortable factor nowadays because we can stop and go whenever we want , we can start at our desired time .
This will gradually kill public transport .
One more reason is that banks provide loans at a lower interest rate , which makes people buy one to improve their comfort level .
People 's lives will not change if they do n't change themselves . Everyone wants to improve his life to make it better but how can we do that without doing anything ? We must start with education and health , which are the most important things to be better .
Everyone needs to focus not only on his education but also on others .
To learn , to read , to be knowledgeable .
We need to focus on our inner skills and improve them .
No progress will happen without a plan . Each person has a dream he wants to achieve , but first of all he needs to put a plan in place and also a cognitive one .
Our great example of change is Germany .
After the Second World War , they improved themselves in 50 years and became one of the most developed countries .
In my city is very usual to find a lot of dog shit in the road .
It is a big problem and it is almost a miracle not to step in one .
The solution , I think , would be to fine owners .
I think that is not a problem of awareness .
I think people know that their dogs litter the city , but they prefer not to do anything .
It is easier and more convenient .
If they had to pay , then they would do it .
In general , the city looks clean .
The cleaning services work well .
Normally in the night .
In the town hall , they care about the city center .
There are plants everywhere .
Madrid has many parks and many trees .
These also can be a problem , because recently they are falling down because they are old .
The town hall has created a group that works studying the tree s ' age to prevent further falls
We should properly plan for our city to properly look after it .
Actually , there are many huge problems in our city just as there is no proper drainage system for it , nor any specific canal system through which we can properly clean our city .
There is another issue that is due to heavy traffic but few roads that are wide enough so that most people are distributed due to these issues .
Dear Mrs. Ashby ,
I hope all is well with you .
I would like to invite you to apply for an exciting job opportunity to spend your weekends working in my cafe .
Your position will be manager of Green Pepper cafe , so you will be responsible for managing all levels and use your experience in order to improve our cafe .
Also , you will manage approx . 16 people and you will have a free hand to deal with them as you like .
We are looking for a salary range between $ 42 to $ 90 per hour , and only 2 days per week .
I hope you accept my offer as soon as possible , and I hope to see you with our staff as well .
Our address is 12st , Arizona , United States of America .
tel : 001012345678901
Thanks in advance .
Amr Hamdani ,
CEO , Green Pepper cafe
Istanbul is located in Turkey .
It is the capital city of turkey and it has a large area . There are a lot of people living in Istanbul .
Istanbul buildings are so simple and have a different design than other cities .
I think it will be changed to become a bubile city and contain more high buildings .
What erer Whether it changes or not , I will always like it more than any place in the world .
Hello ,
My name is Alejandro Martín . I 'm 30 years old . I have heard about your organization and I would like to work for you .
It 's known that the different recently situation that there are now with young people .
I used to go to a Christian school here in Granada . In that school there were good values , like sharing or helping other people .
Moreover , my parents , who are teachers , taught me how I should educate , for several years .
I ask myself If I had the possibility to change the world , would I try to do all that in your hands .
I always think this , because teenagers are the future of our planet .
So , if you need a person like me , I would like to work with young people .
I 'm looking forward to your reply .
Best wishes .
Alejandro
I was born in 2001 on August the 10th in Danderyd .
I have two little brothers , Gus and Soren .
I have always lived in Danderyd .
My favorite sports/ hobbies are windsurfing and sailing .
The best place I have ever been is on an island in the east archipelago in Sweden .
There are not many trees there and a lot of high mountains .
There is a lot that I 'm proud of in my life , but actually I do n't know what I 'm most proud of .
A very big weakness I have is that I can forget nearly everything , especially homework and other school stuff .
Three words that describe me really well are :
happy , funny and sometimes bothersome .
A thing that I would like people to know is that it 's not a good idea to wake me when I 'm sleeping .
I do n't actually know .
Someday I want to go to Bali , because it seems like a really nice place .
Three things that I could do with is a bike , to be sick and bad computers .
My favorite movie is The Wolf of Wall Street .
I do n't have a favorite book .
My favorite song is Prayer in C .
My favorite singer is AVICII .
Simpsons or Family Guy .
My favorite food is fillet of beef with bea and pommes .
My favorite restaurant is TGI Fridays .
When I learned to windsurf .
If you have a car , you probably think that travelling by car is better than by bus , but there are a lot of people who do n't have a car , so they are used to going by bus and , for them , this way of travelling has become more convenient , because they have done it since they were children .
Therefore , whatever opinion you have is the result of the social situation in which you live .
Most people say that using public transport is better than using cars , and they say that it 's cheaper and better for the environment . As for me , I think that cars are easier and an affordable way to travel between places , because cars are here anytime and so near to your home , unlike public transportation , which you have to walk to to reach in most countries . And also , cars are available all the time . You can go at 4 am and no one will say anything , because it 's yours , but most public transportation is available only for the daylight hours and a few hours at night , in an emergency situation for example , what will you do if you do not have your own car ? Your kid is sick , or your wife or your elderly parents . And , in general , the more we rely on ourselves , the more our government is able to help the poor and homeless people out there , who really need more help and aid from the public community . We merely ask the government to improve the streets and the traffic light systems , and more petrol stations and parking in the streets , to be able to drive and move around easily and safely and in a short amount of time .
Everyone uses public transport every day .
It is difficult to imagine how we could live without it .
But in spite of this , a lot of people have a dream about owning a car .
Most people say that using a car is more convenient than using public transport .
Of course , private transport has a lot of advantages , like , you do n't need to wait for a bus at the stops or you can go everywhere you want at a time convenient for you .
Dear Alex ,
Long time no see .
How are you ? You know , it has been a long time since we have seen each other . Why do n't we go to the cinema ?
We are going to look for a romantic movie or a science fiction movie .
So , what time will you finish school ?
I will wait for you at the cinema entrance .
Please respond at your earliest convenience ,
Best ,
Phuong .
27-dresses is a romantic comic and funny film . It is recommended for all ages .
I saw it with my family ; my children and my husband . We had a good afternoon .
The film is about a girl . She is invited to many weddings and she is a maid of honor at all of them .
She has twenty - seven maid of honor dresses . Meanwhile , she falls in love with a boy who is very handsome , but he works for a magazine and he has written about weddings in the city . He is a good writer , and she unknowns that .
The plot is well constructed , it becomes quite gripping from the beginning .
The main characters are very young and enjoyable .
This story develops a mixture of themes such as courage , family values , friendship and love .
In conclusion , if you want to have a good time , you should go to the cinema to see this film with your family , because it is an interesting and emotional film .
Nowadays , we have a lot of environmental problems .
Transport pollution is one of the most dangerous .
Almost every family has more than one car .
As a result , roads are overloaded and long traffic jams damage the air .
On the one hand , that quantity of cars ca n't be forbidden , because it 's a personal right to have one or not .
On the other hand , the government should think about some measures for protecting the environment .
For example , introducing several special dates in a year for using only public transport .
Also , another improving measure might be increasing green areas in cities and towns .
Rivers and seas are in danger too .
Unfortunately , many tourists do n't care about keeping personal spaces ( on the river bank or on the beach ) clean .
Factories damage nearby areas and water extremely badly .
In my opinion , firstly , new buildings on the banks must be forbidden at all .
Secondly , rules for tourists about caring for the environment must be very strict .
I think nature will get the most important benefits if everybody takes care of his own space in the best way .
When it comes to health , it does cover physical and mental status too .
Sport is a unique way by which a person can maintain his or her health , including both aspects that are physical and mental .
My favorite sport is Hockey .
The different formats of cricket allow me to maintain my health based on the time available after earning my daily bread and , needless to say , after sharing precious moments with my lovely family .
I often participate in friendly matches to keep my physical abilities up to the mark .
While putting a lot of stress on physical abilities , it goes without saying that the day can be tiring if one decides to play the longer version of the game , but it is equally challenging as to how you will keep up your mental status .
It does require you to explore your brain while developing strategies against the opponents .
It becomes essential to create a spontaneous Plan B when Plan A did not work .
Above all , one has to learn to maintain sportsmanship , irrespective of the result or heated moments on the field .
In today 's world , television is very important .
But sometimes it can also affect us in a negative way . Most people around the world can see any news live . Media is more helpful for people . Television is also used as a study resource , for example for smart classes ,
online courses etc . Television is a very important medium . We can improve our language with the help of the television . Now we can see
that so many films with the help of television and we can see other programs also . to the present world without television
no one can live as a human being so that we can say that television is more important .
Michael was a serious boy , he had the ability to behave in a good way , help his parents with daily activities .
Michael 's parents were absolutely poor , they hardly paid school fees for him , although they did their best to see him be educated .
One day , Michael was going to school for his final examination .
Suddenly , an old carrying a heavy load hit him and fell down .
When he got up he insulted him and tried to beat him . When he returned home , he closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
My name is Natalia Refana .
I am from Lviv , Ukraine .
I am 30 .
Your summer camp is the best place to demonstrate me .
I can speak English , Russian and Ukrainian .
I am a reliable , easy - going , hard - working person .
I am prepared to look after children .
I have worked as a teacher for ten years .
I am also a volunteer for a youth church club .
All my free time , I work with children and teach them .
I usually go camping with children to the mountains .
On holiday we do different sports , cook on the fire and have fun .
I am the right person for you .
Hello!I am a 32-year - old girl from Italy .
I really love taking care of myself , and so , last year I decided to go walking every day in the evening .
It takes 1 hour and at the end I am very happy and in a good mood .
I love walking near the harbour of my city , so I can have a look at the beautiful sea ! when I walk I feel the clean wind , and so , I take deep breaths .
If you walk at the seaside in the evening you can also have the possibility to see the sunset over the sea .... that 's great emotion ! I feel good in that way and even my soul can have a breath .
I suggest everybody should have the same evening walk . You just need a pair of comfortable shoes !
There is no future for public transport , because travelling by car is cheaper than public transport .
Commuters prefer to travel by car compared to public transport .
The main reason for people not liking to travel by public transport is overcrowding .
Travelling by train is very expensive nowadays .
People prefer the car rather than public transport due to sexual harassment .
Dear Federico ,
As you know , I worked in a youth camp last year , so if you want to take this job I would like to say some things that will help you .
On the positive side , the size of the groups is really small .
I had 25 children and it is a good number for working well .
This kind of job is very useful if you want to improve your English skills .
I recommend this experience .
On the negative side are the labor conditions . The money is not enough to pay for the cost of living in London and in addition the money for " travel expenses " , in my case , did n't arrive until November !
Can you believe it ?
Anyway , I recommend that you take the job for August , because I have heard that in that month the organization is better than in July .
I wish you luck and a good experience .
Regards , Alex
Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately that he had planned two weeks ago .
This event was his sister 's birthday . " Now is the suitable moment to announce her surprise " , Peter said .
Then peter started , " happy birthday my lovely sister " , peter said , and gave her a car key .
Sara was so amazed and hugged her brother and thanked him .
After that , the celebrations began and a lot of their friends came , each one presented a gift to Sara . She was really delighted and , suddenly , the doorbell been rang
It was her old friend Tia .
Sara stood and stared at her for a few minuets and hugged her and bowed her for coming and thanked her . They had n't seen each other for several years since they had finished their studies . Really it was a great moment and they stay speaking together about many things and call the best moment that collect them together , stay speaking until the evening , and agreed to visit their college at the weekend to recall the best memories . It was Peter who arranged this celebration and contacted Tia and prepared for all this to happen . Sara never forgot that day .
Nowadays , each family has several cars to use for their daily needs .
It 's much faster and much more convenient than using public transportation .
The only drawback that comes along with using cars is limited fuel resources .
However , it seems that each day a new way of extracting fuels is being explored .
Beijing is the capital of China , it is the political , economic and cultural center , but also a city with a long history .
It was the capital of the Ming dynasty and Qing dynasty , so it has a lot of ancient architecture , like Ming Tombs , the Summer Palace , The Temple of Heaven , the Forbidden City .
The Forbidden City , especially , is the largest architectural complex which is the best - kept in the current .
It . It represents the highest architectural achievement in ancient China .
The Great Wall is located to the north of Beijing .
It is more than thousands of miles long .
Building started in the Qin dynasty . Its purpose was to resist the Huns , but now it is a great place to visit .
These architecture also represents the culture of China .
Beijing is also a city which has many kinds of snacks and foods from different countries .
You can taste Peking Duck , Sichuan spicy diced chicken , Henan stewed noodles and Yue dishes ...
Now Beijing is a large international city , it will inherit the elements of history and develop much better .
" The reality of transportation is that it is future oriented .
If we 're planning for what we have , then we are behind the curve " , Anthony Fox .
Transportation has a major role in a society as life revolves around motion .
When we talk about convenience , comfort and safety , then private transport is more likely to be considered .
In certain emergency cases , running for a bus seems harder than jumping into your own car .
Private transport travel is totally on your own , so there remains no tension about reaching a certain stop at a specific time .
Travelling privately makes one free of issues like harassment .
Although many transport providers are trying to eradicate this problem , it still remains .
Public transport can cause problems for passengers due to increasing fares .
People often tend to go on their own , as private vehicles , such as cars can be bought easily with loans provided by banks .
Looking on a wider span , cars are available these days according to public demand .
For instance , fuel - efficient , luxurious and economical cars are easily available .
With the advancement of the automobile industry , public transport will not be considered as the first choice in the coming years .
The above discussion suggests that people find private transport a safer , more convenient and comfortable way of travelling .
The city was deserted that night , as Michael and I wandered through the narrow streets .
It had been raining earlier and the full moon shone brightly on the wet stones .
Suddenly , we heard the sound of running footsteps .
Then there was a cry and the footsteps stopped .
Nervously , we walked back .
Perhaps someone had been killed , or kidnapped in the street .
We were going to see what happened , and we had something to see .
There was an old granny who had been beaten up .
We tried to give her help but she was so heavy and we could not do that . Then we tried to find help ,
but nobody was opening their doors .
On Luckily , I had a mobile phone , but Michael said that we needed to run away because we did not know whether those bullies were around the corner .
My plan was to phone my dad and an ambulance and I did that .
After we came to the ambulance , police , the police came and one patrol caught those men who did that to that granny and the other patrol talked to us .
I found out that the granny 's name was Rose and she had had an operation after the incident .
To our relief , she was saved and when we went to the granny 's room , we saw a smile on her face .
We were also happy , but in Michael 's head there were a lot of things .
He knew that if we had run away at that moment when the granny was on the ground , she would most probably die .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
My name is Kamaldeen . I 'm 31 years old . I 'm married and I do n't have children .
I moved with my family from Jordan to Saudi Arabia in 1995 .
I began studying when I came to Saudi Arabia in third grade .
I grew up in Al Qassim region and I had the best time of my life in Al Qassim .
I have a big family contains from my father and mother and I have seven brothers and three sisters .
I studied at Al Qassim University and my major was Microbiology .
I graduated from my college in 2001 . After that , I got a job at the Ministry of Health and I have been working there since 2010 .
I like a lot of activities , such as travelling , reading , playing soccer and watching movies .
I still believe that public transport will be more popular in the future due to the benefits it provides for us . Travelling by car is more convenient but expensive .
Travelling on public transport is cheaper .
On the other hand , not everybody can own a car .
Public transport is suitable for those who have no car of their own .
Besides , public transport will reduce traffic jams .
Today , governments focus on how to improve public transport and they also increase their support .
So public transport is improved continuously .
I think it will be the favourite transportation for all of us .
My favorite sport is volleyball .
This sport causes fresh and jolly me and I think exercise will cause me to be healthy . If you start volleyball , you need a ball and a piece of ground that is separated by a net .
Shopping takes place the biggest part especially for women , but sometimes it is not so enjoyable and I agree with this statement .
First of all , shopping is not satisfying when you are tired , or you are hungry , or maybe it is just your personality that does n't like crowds of people walking around .
Secondly , if you can not find what you are looking for , you will not beam with joy .
What is more , you will not be satisfied with the shopping if you lack money and can not afford to buy the thing that you really want .
To sum up , I would like to say that , if you are in bad mood or lack money , then you will not be able to take pleasure in it .
Human life has changed a lot in recent years , and it seems that this will happen faster every day . Technology advances and the changes in our way of thinking are adapting to a different kind of people with each human generation .
Technology advances way too fast and it is really difficult to guess what kind of stuff or artefacts there will be fifty years from now , but we can guess some ideas , like flying cars , smartphones the size of a small piece of paper , really thin laptops like a quarter of an inch , clothes that clean themselves or change color and shape , healthier food , smarter domestic appliances .
All this will help people to live easily , but only to have more time to work , because the type of mind that reigns in that time will focus on companies and making money and spending it . This is the reason why a lot of jobs are changing to home offices and the firms are giving more and more facilities for their employees to be more efficient .
Finally , the kind of life that we will see in fifty years from now will have a lot of stuff to help people to have a more comfortable , easier and faster way of life , but this will be only to make more money and consume more and more . Also , things will be faster of waste to make people change their possessions more often and stimulate consumerism .
Nowadays , an increasing number of people are concerned about the phenomenon of farmland , forest and wetland disappearing because of some long - term human activities , for instance housing and transport networks are built , destroying the balance of the environment .
Firstly , it is clear that more houses and transport networks are convenient for our people . What is known to us is that the population growth is a big problem which creates a need for more space for living in .
And building more transport networks is also a benefit for us , for example , the high - speed rail can shorten the time spent on traveling , while the animals may not welcome it .
In order to command the psychology of the user , it was necessary for me to know the new trends in UI
design .
Therefore , with a good UI design , many people will have a good user experience .
A good user experience will be good for collecting data and be good for making decisions in commerce .
Once upon a time there was a little girl living in a small town .
She was very shy , sensitive and embarrassed .
She dreamt about living in a big city where no one would know her .
She just wanted to hide from this world .
Her name was Lora .
Lora grew up and became a very pretty adult .
She moved to Kyiv , graduated from university , and started to work .
Although she tried to hide , she became a great and famous model .
She had even got a boyfriend , Michael .
She loved him ..
He was her first man , best friend and lover .
He was everything to her .
He loved her for her fame .
He wanted to own all she had .
From time to time , it seemed to him that he loved her .
But it was a very brief emotion .
Once , Lora came to him and told him that she was sick .
She cried .
But Michael was n't worried .
Lora noticed his coldness .
She asked him to go .
She was killed by his coldness .
He went out .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Football is my favorite sport , so I pay more attention to it than to any other thing you might think of .
I have been following series of football events in the world at large .
I took this time to command people who sacrifice their entire lives for the betterment of sportsmanship .
With all that , I do have my favorite club , team and country as well .
And also have my favorite players , Ronaldinho , Messi and Eto'o .
My favorite club is Barcelona and my favorite country is Cameroon although I am from Liberia .
I know football does n't go by sentiments but the love of choice and what desire you the best .
What really makes me love Barcelona is that they play football , instead of running around .
They always buy talented players that will make the club improve tactically . People always say this ; " Barcelona does n't buy players " , it 's not like they lack money .
We do essential purchasing of players to save more money .
You have to save money for players to enable you to pay them on time .
As normal human beings , you have to know how to spend money , where , when to spend it . It 's not because you have more money then you lavish it .
So , i love my team and my staff and how they run things in my team .
The facts should not be hidden . Barcelona is the best club team in the world , whether you like it or not .
I am writing about the international sports monthly magazine I have seen .
I enjoy this sport because it is comfortable and elegant and you never hurt yourself badly .
Furthermore , you also have a lot more confidence in yourself .
The advice I would give to someone who is starting this sport , is ,
first of all , you should eat healthy food to have a good physique , do more exercise and sleep less .
Most people who play tennis are always ready and proud of themselves .
Every day I wake up at 05:00 AM and go to bed at 10:00 PM .
I reach home at 13:00 , then I have my lunch and relax for an hour .
In the evening I watch movies .
We all know that doing sport is very important to keep our lives healthy and happy .
My favourite sport at the moment is walking , and I prefer walking in the morning and before sundown .
I also like walking in public streets , gardens , clubs and on the shore . When I want to go anywhere , I do my best to go on foot .
I have liked this sport since my childhood because I found that I can think about the good times when I was child and relax with myself to think carefully about my present and future .
The Walking can also fitness and make the knees stronger .
It would be interesting to accompany your best friend or your beloved to enjoy your time .
I advise any people who suffer from laziness and obesity to try to walk for at least one hour and after that they will like this sport .
Hi !
I want to begin with one thing : I do n't have a favorite sport or anything like that , but I really like to do exercises for my body .
I think it 's important to maintain our tone and , of course , our health .
Because when we do a sport or some simple exercises we feel how the body receives energy . That is happening with me .
But we have concrete examples , which we should follow and which already demonstrate that nothing is impossible
, like Nadia Comaneci or Gica Hagi . They are two people who succeeded in their sport but with perseverance and ambition .
They are passionate about what they do . More specifically , those people are in love with their job .
It is an important thing to love or like a lot what we do , because that is the key .
The pleasure and your willpower will help you to succeed and to get the best scores .
In my opinion , this subject , sport , one 's favorite sport is one of the most pleasant for me .
I love to go jogging in the morning and then to do a lot of exercises for my legs and arms .
If I do that , now the day is one of my best days . It 's a managed day for me .
In conclusion , I do n't have a favorite sport . I like to do a little of everything and I do n't refuse anything .
Flori .
This crime happened about six years ago .
It was in Italy , in Bergamo to be precise .
Yara finished one of her training sessions .
Her parents , within half an hour of the training 's end , became worried .
The parents called her , but she did n't answer .
Then , when she did n't return home , her parents reported the disappearance of their daughter .
The investigations were concentrated above all on the construction site of Mapello .
In December 2010 , Fikri was arrested by the police .
Three month after her disappearance , she was found dead in the stream .
Definitely , public transportation does n't have any future .
A good proportion of the population prefer to buy a car to go to school , the workplace , church in a faster and more comfortable way .
Every year , thousands of cars are sold and the demand is growing .
Probably the only opportunity to change this will be to mention to people the opportunity to save energy and reduce the environmental pollution if we use public transportation .
Television has many advantages .
It not only entertains , but also educates .
There are many educational programmes which we can get benefits from .
Good films can also entertain and educate at the same time .
Football is the most popular sport followed in Italy and in Europe . In fact , there are some important tournaments in which all important European teams participate . They are called the " Champions League " and the " Europa League " . Football is a team sport . In fact , everybody participates in this sport without excluding anybody .
People start to play football on a regular pitch . After some time , they will be tired , but it is normal because their muscles are not strong enough for running around the pitch many times .
If you train often , your muscles will become very strong .
Another thing you do not have is ball control .
. Ball control is the control you have when you run with the ball .
You can improve it by running with the ball and , gradually , you will improve your ball control .
How to make a real mistake ?
I 'll tell you a story that happened at school .
Any normal rainy day when you are a teenager in school never ever ends , but one day was a better day than any other normal rainy day because I learnt how to live as a powerful smart girl who used to let others use her because she wanted to feel needed by her friends but did not have many friends in school except " Michael " .
All my class called me creep ugly geek , but still little good only when a teacher wanted fresearch from them or the exams
were in the next couple of days , but Michael tried to stop me doing that because they never became my friends and I was better at doing those things .
That day , I had just finished helping a younger student to understand his math lesson . My friend Michael asked me to do the same and to give her an answer sheet for all the final exams . I was shocked that she wanted that from me . Anyway , I gathered up my courage and told her that was wrong and become to do that in college Better to start studying now and I 'd help her to study the hard lessons ( I was very sad to say no & that she asked me that ) . She became very angry and told me I should help her because we she was my best friend . Then I told her why I had told her NO and she said " I hate you . "
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Pollution as a problem in the environment
Years ago , pollution was not a big problem to deal with .
Technology was not as advanced as it is now , so the amount of waste was small .
Our ancestors used to live an unselfish life .
Nowadays , pollution is a problem that we have to solve before it gets worse .
A new mode of transport must be found .
We are used to driving a car and we do not notice how much damage we cause . We should start using new ways of getting around , such as cycling or walking .
Not only will this solve pollution , it will also help us to get rid of obesity .
We should find new alternatives for getting around in our routines .
Rivers and seas are victims of modernization .
We have no idea of how much damage factories cause to the rivers and seas .
In fact , factories ' waste goes into the rivers .
The government should introduce a new law to correct this damage .
As we can see , modernization is causing damage to rivers and seas .
In my opinion , pollution is a problem in the entire world , not only in modern countries , so we should try to recycle more . Any kind of help is necessary .
Dear Grandmother ,
How are you ?
I haven't seen you for a long time .
I have a new beautiful pair of shoes .
They are white with black and blue lines .
I love them .
My mother gave me them for my birthday .
I 'm going to celebrate my birthday next week at my house .
Would you like to come ? I 'm going to invite all my friends and family .
It 's going to be amazing .
See you soon .
Jazmin .
Hi Jo ,
I am very happy because the time went very fast .
I did n't have any news about you .
You could come here when you have time because my house is your house .
While you are with me , you will do curriculum vitae and then we will travel around my country and we will become good workers .
This idea is fantastic , although it will be very complicated .
However , the best option is that you come here and then I will introduce to you my friends and their fathers , because they can help you with finding a job .
On the other hand , I do n't recommend travelling , because it is very expensive .
If you come here , you will see a lot of the country and you could travel around the world .
But it is your decision . These options are my advice .
I will look forward to your news about your decision , but I am very excited , because if you are with me , I will have the best summer of my life and I will be very happy because we will have parties with a lot of friends .
You must remember that money is very important to your decision .
noticia
And I went to open the door .
I was really comfortable in my bed and I could n't believe that someone had interrupted my calm .
But , whatever . I went .
To the door and opened it . It turned out that it was my brother .
After we said hi and I went inside with him , he told me that our mom was going on a trip for a week and we had to take care of our little sister .
I was a little worried because I love my sister but she was young and I had a lot of work .
However , I decided to say yes and prepared myself to take care of her .
My brother left and he promised to return later with my sister .
I closed the door hoping never to have to open it again , then I went to the bathroom and took a relaxing shower .
I practise the Pilates Method every Sunday morning .
I like this sport because it is a simple healthy sport that respects my body .
I practised dance a long time ago , but with age , I 've preferred to practise an easier sport .
I discovered Pilates 2 years ago and began with an old Bejar dancer .
He took time to explain each movement and made me understand the concept .
After 10 times , I obtained results in my body : stretchy , sinewy and flexible .
If I could give advice to new practitioners of Pilates , it would be to read a book about this method and to take time choosing a good teacher .
A few years ago I took part in a programme called Christmas Drama .
In my school days , I did not participate in any programme , even sports .
Because school teachers never encouraged me to participate .
If they had told me to attend compulsorily I would have done so without any hesitation .
While I am in ANDRAPRADESH every year , we have a Christmas function in December . Although we are not interested in attending Drama , they would not let us not play even a simple character .
They gave me the part of THE GOD . At first I was n't aware of how to act and play this particular character .
And from October to December we practised every day after our study hour until eleven " O"CLOCK . DAY BY DAY I learnt and finally I played my role well .
Then I asked myself why I wasted all my school days .
Personally , I believe that those who do not participate in any activities should be encouraged to do so by teachers .Only then will they also know how talented they are .
Every student should attend and show their talent .
After some ages we can not attend any of this type of activity because we are all old . So let go and enjoy your youth and be happier .
The future of public transport in developed countries is very different , because most people have a car . In poor countries , most people take public transport , because people do n't have a car and it is cheaper to take public transport . The pollution caused by public transport is huge and is growing . Third world countries should have eco - friendly transport .
I did n't use to believe that people would do anything for advantage , even betray family and friends .
I thought that was only seen in films .
The real world was not like that .
I strongly believed people would rather have love in their heart than anything .
I was n't rich , not having many good things , only a simple person , but I lived happily .
At least I had a stable job , a lover , family and friends .
However , these things have changed , All the things I owned , built , remaining are broken .
It is hard to believe my eyes that I can see the greed in their eyes , as if they ca n't wait to see me dead . They ca n't become brilliant so long as I am alive .
I have always tried to convince them that I am not as bad as some people say .
My family live in the city center of Madrid but I do n't like living there because it is noisy and there is pollution , so I decided to move to the countryside two years ago .
I love this place because it is relaxing , but the only problem for me is I live alone and I 'm lonely .
My mother knew how I felt and she wanted to help me .
She came to my house with a present last week and when I opened it ... I could n't believed it . It was a beautiful little monkey !
I was so excited and very happy .
For me it was like having a new member of the family and he lived with me .
Since that moment , my life changed and now I go everywhere with " Yango " . That 's the monkey 's name .
Dear Sir / Madam
I am writing this letter in order to apply for the job in the " USA summer camps " .
I saw the job advertisement in the local newspaper .
To start with , I would like to tell you that I have studied gastronomy at the Instituto Crandon , one of the most recognised institutes in Uruguay . Also , I have just finished a sports and health course at the Universidad de la Republica , on which I learned to work with people of all ages in the sports area .
I think all people love sport .
In the world , a very famous sports festival is the Olympics .
These include many kinds of sports , such as wrestling , basketball , tennis , running , etc .
My favourite sports are basketball and martial arts .
First , basketball is a team sport , which means I need to understand the expressions of members of the team and keep in contact them . For example , my role is cutter but I need to do assister , blocker and guard when I play .
Secondly , every country has its own martial arts history and culture , for example , kung fu from China , taekwondo from Japan and Karate form Korea .
It is not just fighting . These sports give people endurance , speed and power .
In particular , I like karate and Kung - fu .
Men and women are possible to interest it .
There is no special criteria , such as tall and strong muscles or gender .
These 2 sports improve basic human ability to reach the highest capability possible .
I suggest to other people to first understand yourself , such as what you like , what is possible , and then practice after every success .
My favourite sport is badminton .
It 's a game for 2 or 4 people .
They use a bat and a shuttlecock , which is like a bird 's feather .
The aim of the game is to score the most points .
I sometimes play badminton with my brother , and I always win .
I think I am a good player .
I first played badminton when I was 7 years old .
The positives of playing badminton : you can lose weight , and your vision will be good etc .
The negatives of playing badminton : your right arm is stronger than your left arm , and sometimes , you can sprain your arm .
I 'm sure it is very healthy for your body .
According to this form , we know learning knowledge takes a lot of time in one day .
Unlike Taiwan 's senior high school students , their sleeping time averages eight hours or even more .
As for me , my daily schedule does n't have much variety , just study , sleep and others .
Others includes rest and exercise , but they do n't take up lots of time .
In my awareness , I know the United States advocates free - style study and self - learning , so aside from study , they have diverse selections .
When it comes to my sleeping , I only have four to five hours a day .
The lack of sleep often makes me unable to concentrate in class .
The more I remind myself to get up early , the more things I need to do .
So it usually postpones my sleeping time .
The only common option is rest time , I also spend three to four hours resting .
Because I think family and friends are my spirit medicine , they can give me lots of energy .
First , I want to say that people 's lives will change in the future , because the new technologies will change the lives of people .
I think this because the new technologies are created by people to improve our habits .
For example , the Internet in the next 50 years will be very different . I guess that people will have a chip in their heads and they may do many things with their minds , like if we need to call other people , we will think about it and we will be able to speak with them .
On the other hand , people make other inventions to improve the world and reduce pollution . For example , at this time we have created electric cars and organic food . These things will be very useful in the future , because we will need to reduce pollution .
Also , people will need to improve medicine to cure diseases and , for this , people need to create more inventions to resolve these problems .
Finally , I think that the best change will be in our lifestyle . We will change our clothes , thinking and other things . We will be more dependent and we will need more things for our day to day life .
Although I have had terrible jet lag since I came back to my country , it 's great to see my family and my friends .
Anyway , I have to find a bird to develop myself and take a rest .
I never said goodbye to everyone because I will come back to England .
Michael is a teenage boy who lives with his parents .
He is seventeen years old and he has a sister .
His sister is six years old .
One summer tomorrow , his sister woke up very early .
He was worried because his sister always woke up very late , about midday .
Someone rang the doorbell and he opened but there was nobody at the door , so he closed the door again .
He heard a bit of noise at the top of the stairs but he did n't go to investigate that noise .
The doorbell rang again and he opened the door again . His sister was with him and she was very scared , but there was nobody at the door again .... and this time , the noise at the top of the stairs was loader and he understood everything .
Someone was ringing the doorbell while someone else was robbing their house ...
It was by that that her sister was scared and woken up ...
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake
Twenty years ago , I started playing football .
I had played a lot of sports before , but when I started playing football , I felt that was my sport , that was freedom .
I have played for a lot of teams .
And just as I was becoming a professional football player , my right knee was injured .
Then I had to be operated on twice .
Because of injuries , I am now thinking about leaving football to dedicate myself to my other passion ; the guitar .
Writing emails in English can sometimes be hard .
I moved to the UK from Turkey recently .
It is not always easy for me to speak in another language constantly .
I have to improve my writing .
This is the reason why I 'm trying this web page .
Sport is very healthy , it is very important that all people do exercise for their bodies .
I love sport and I usually go to the gym .
I like running and I run three days a week .
I prefer doing sport with a friend or my sister , it is more fun .
If I run alone , I take my mobile phone and I can listen to music .
When you go owling you do n't need words , or worms or anything but hope .
This is the book Owl
Moon .
This book was written by Jane Yolen .
I like that phrase because the boy was happy because he got to
go owling and he ' d been wanting to go owling for a long time and he finally got to go .
When other kids are happy , that makes me happy . I like it because it makes me feel good because you do n't haf't
( have to have words to go owling but you have to have hope to see an owl .
My name is Ingrid .
I am 24 years old and I live in Rena .
I am blonde ,
I have blue eyes and I am of average height .
I like going to the cinema , going out with my friends ,
to playing Counter Strike , walking in the park , going shopping , and I ca n't stand the sight of blood .
I am now studying Software Engineering .
In September I am going to Madrid to study a master 's in
Web Programming with my boyfriend .
I like living with my boyfriend .
I am more romantic than my boyfriend .
I hate eating vegetables and I love eating chips .
What I dislike is that I will be away from my family .
I am going to miss my family .
They are very happy with me , because my marks are good .
Hi Jenny
Well , as you asked me Jenny , the most brilliant actor that I 've ever seen is Vin Deasel . He is an excellent professional and he starred in a great number of movies , like the saga of Fast and Furious , Ridic , Nannies , Bulletproof and other excellent films .
This is one of my favourite actors , because , when he is recording a film , he assumes his role passionately and that is really important for a good actor .
Another of my favourites is Will Smith . He appeared in the well - known film , Men in Black and other excellent films like I am Legend .
He is , for me and many people , an excellent actor because his personality is extroverted .
So Jenny , these are my two favourites film stars .
I have to go shopping , sorry .
See you
Franco .
This topic is controversial these days . Should everyone take a year off between leaving school and starting college or university ?
I am going to study the topic from both sides and give my opinion on the matter .
A good percentage of people think that everyone should take a year off between leaving school and starting college .
They think the student can spend that year in a job to earn money so they can afford their expenses during college .
This helps them also to explore the job market ; some jobs are in great demand compared to others .
Or the student can simply spend this time travelling .
This helps them to get rid of study stress , and to give time to their social life .
Others think that if students take a year off studying it is unwise .
As returning to studying may be difficult .
It is better to finish studying first , then go to work or have relaxation with travel .
Both opinions have their merits .
In my opinion , it greatly depends on an individual 's financial situation .
If you have money that can cover your expenses on travel , it is totally different than if you have to work to cover your expenses ,
or you just have what is essential for education and university fees .
Transport is very important in our lives , because we travel from place to place .
The technology and industry are developing very fast , so public transport has no future .
It must be Interesting that the development of transport even fits the times .
Hello Joe .
Congratulations on your wedding . I hope you will be as happy as you are now your whole life .
You and Jenny are a great couple .
Thank you very much , Joe , for thinking of me to be your witness . I feel very proud that you thought of me to be your witness and , of course , I accept and I will be in Toronto for your wedding .
Joe we live far away because I work for the Red Cross , but I am still the same person as I was at school and I like the same things .
Joe , I have the same memory as I had when I was a child , and I do n't remember Sophie .
Was she at school with us ?
Could you describe her to me ?
Anyway , I have never been a witness . What do I have to do ?
Tell me what kind of suit the witness has to wear , whether I have to bay any colour of tie , a flower .... I 'm really very excited about your wedding .
I will be at home for my mother 's birthday in November , and if you can , we could have a drink .
Anyway , congratulations to you and Jenny again .
Best wishes
Joe
Hello , good morning .
I enjoy my favorite sport because I like running , playing and going to the forest .
This sport is healthy and good for the body . You should start this sport because you will feel good .
Your muscles will be hard .
For this sport , it is necessary to drink water , and eat fruit , vegetables and pasta .
We should n't eat sweets and sugar .
If you want to start this sport , you should start running for thirty minutes .
Thank you for showing interest in my village 's concern about the environment .
The town , Lahori , is known for its practices to preserve nature . In our town , we conduct monthly meetings concerning waste management , as well as pesticides .
We are very appreciative of Dr. Manjot Baqri , who has taken it upon himself to lead these meetings and educate our village on health problems associated with improper disposal of waste . The village has dug pits to dispose of waste .
The fact of using a car to travel , is essential in life , and that depends on the car you want to buy and save gas .
When you drive you must take precautions at all times because if you do n't you can cause an accident .
Remember that a car is to make your life easier to get around and be safe and as a way also to have security because you go in your car and you are less likely to get mugged or something .
Some disadvantages are that you may not have the money to maintain a car , and always remember that the car should give you a service and not you to it , which is why you always keep it in line with the engine , so you do not fail .
One day I visited my friend Jimmy in New York city . He was a young man who was an expert on trains and tourism . He talked about how citizens and commuters move from one place to another . He told me that Grand Central Station was the largest terminus in the city . He showed me where the landmarks of the Big Apple were so sightseers could go there . He showed me the city and we went to different parts . First he took me to Columbus Circle in the south west corner of Central Park where there were the most expensive apartments . Then we went to the lake where the jogging tracks that circle the lake are popular with early - morning visitors . Then we went to the Museum of Natural History that was located near the Metropolitan Museum of Art . Then I got focal on the subway trains , so we went to Grand Central Station . When we arrived , I was amazed to see a lot of people going to work , so he told me that it was convenient for people to use the train because it is very fast and for the government it was a great economic business . Then he told me that one of the characteristics of
In the era of technological advancement , everything goes beyond one 's expectations .
There are mobile phones which have face - to - face communication , and transportation driven by solar energy .
In addition , the transportation system which is developing day - by - day performs in the most convenient and the fastest way it can .
Even though the personal car is used more and more because of its convenience , in my opinion , unstoppable transportation development will cause public transport to be more popular than travelling by car .
The number of people in the world is continually increasing .
This makes the cities crowded .
Imagine if everyone had private cars . Would we walk on the top of the car to meet our neighbour next door ?
Therefore , public transportation is deemed important to reducing congestion on the road ; the traffic .
In the first paragraph , I wrote that transportation development will never lose place for public transport .
Firstly , there are a lot of ways to travel ; for example , buses , trolley buses , Metro , BTS , train , ship .
Secondly , public transport proves itself to be more functional and helps support people .
For example , comfortable seats , system support for the handicapped or physical disability , time capture that helps people to know the fixed time when the bus will come , as well as security support that helps people to be more confident to travel .
Lastly , public transportation makes you sure to arrive on time .
You do not worry about traffic jams , or trying to find the car park .
Taking into account all this , public transport is much more useful and convenient , both for individuals and for businesses .
Although the personal car is popular , public transport is still valuable to the country .
Dear Chris ,
I would like to spend this Saturday with you ) )
Hope you will be free at 6 a.m.
Let 's meet at John 's apartment .
His party is always fun .
All our friends will be there .
A summer vacation is so desirable that those in school or work long for it .
To most students , the weekend is essential for them , because they are not allowed to play computer games until the weekends .
In my opinion , the weekend not only gives us enough time to take an adequate break , but allows us to enrich ourselves .
Similarly , summer vacation gives us more time to do meaningful things .
Such as visiting museums , seeing touching movies , doing exercise and so on .
Only by constantly following my daily routine can I learn more information and become stronger .
In important meetings like the UN General Assembly or G77 , many leaders of powerful countries raise environmental problems as the most concerning problem in their internal policies .
Disasters in the environment not only cause many problems for humans but also to all the diversity of life .
As a part of this diversity , people , therefore , seek ways to reduce the causes and effects of these coming disasters .
Firstly , I sometimes use my mom 's bicycle to go to university , taking part in reducing the carbon dioxide emissions from my car .
Riding a bicycle is also a kind of eco - friendly mode of transportation .
Next step , I reduce using some of the cosmetic products that contribute to or are made from materials that cause the greenhouse effect .
There are also many related products which harm the environment .
Dear Juliet ,
Thanks for your letter , it was a pleasant surprise .
I am writing to tell you that I ca n't run the marathon with you , because the distance is too great for me . I 'm not fit enough for that .
I'm sorry . Maybe next year I can go .
Last week I saw a bike trip to the countryside and how about registering for that ?
Bye for now , I 'm looking forward to hearing from you .
Love ,
Kriszti
I think that I should pass because I worked hard and this is the last subject to finish my studies .
I really think that we should speak English .
I do n't know how to study English and for this reason it is very difficult for me .
Next year , in October , I 'll go as an au pair to Oxford , where I hope to learn English .
I think that it is the only way for me .
Yes , I 'm talking with a family in Oxford .
I should go in October .
I love this family because it is a single mother and I think it is easier .
Yes , I 'm talking with a family in Oxford .
I should go in October , for 7 months .
I love this family because it is a single mother and I think it is easier .
Dear Manager ,
I am interested in the vacancy in your cafe .
In your advertisement , you said that you need a person who can work at weekends in your cafe .
I believe that I could be a good helper for two reasons .
First , I am good at cooking .
I was working in ABC restaurant until last year .
Besides , I am also good at dealing with people .
For more information about my qualifications please see the attachment .
Best regards , and I look forward to hearing from you .
Bob
1250
0100
The video game Counter Strike is a good game for the computer . I think that playing it is a good way to enjoy yourself .
In this video game , you can kill , jump , dance , and eat all you want . It is a very good game . I think that it is the best " shooter " and that " Arctic Combat " is good too .
I am a very good player at this . I know to how play it very well .
In conclusion , Counter Strike is the best game in the world .
Summer holiday
I went to Italy on holiday 3 years ago .
I did n't have a long holiday . It was just for 3 days , but those 3 days were the best in my life .
I must say that I went there because my sister is living there , so I did n't have to book a room at a hotel and spend too much money .
I went to the Vatican and Rome . I saw their massive buildings , which were impressive , and their old houses .
The weather was fantastic . I love sunbathing and resting on the hot sand on the beach .
I am Melody Martinez . I 'm 26 years old . I was born in Mexico .
One of my passions in this world is helping people , any kind of people ; old , disabled , poor people and kids .
I think I am a suitable person to care for children , because I like working with kids . It is not the first time I have worked with children .
I currently work with children with disabilities and I love it !
I 'm good at improvising games for children , and I 'm a good cook too .
If you only give me the opportunity to work for the camp , I will not disappoint you .
Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately .
He took his backpack and ran really fast to school .
Today is the big day , the day of his presentation about acid rain and its consequences on the environment .
Peter had studied and prepared himself for this day for a very long time , because finally , his mother would see him after four years apart .
Peter did a beautiful presentation and now his mother is very proud .
Health is an important part of our lives , so our priority in our city is the environment , and people consider keeping our environment clean and work together for the preservation of the environment .
Therefore , the municipality put in place regulations and instructions to take care of our village .
Firstly , organizing collecting garbage . for example , red box for medical rubbish , because it is dangerous , it is toxic materials , yellow box for plastic , white box for glass , and pink box for other trash .
This facilitates classification of garbage and transfers each sort of rubbish to a specific place .
Secondly , recycling waste . After collecting it , they then transport it to factories to recycle it into useful materials we can use again in all aspects of our lives .
Lastly , workshops about conservation of the environment to increase environmental awareness among people , to encourage them to take care of their city , and teach them how they can recycle some rubbish to make useful objects to use at home .
In addition , many residents in our town have launched initiatives which target cleaning up our village , and planting a lot of trees on the streets to keep the environment clean and protect our generation from pollution . In addition , to attract tourists to visit us . As a consequence , increasing the number of visitors to our town , and reducing pollution which causes various diseases .
Furthermore , this saves on the cost of treatment because of the decreasing number of patients .
In conclusion , we look forward to our village being free from pollution and keeping our health and enjoying fresh air where our children will grow up .
Dan was a runner of the big leagues who wanted to get the world record of the best time for the 100 m .
To achieve his goal , he trained a lot with one of his colleagues and he gave no importance to the judgements that people had about him and his ambitious desire for victory .
Although he was always wondering if it was a blessing or a lesson I be competing .
Either way , he had an enemy who was trying to extinguish his love of running and get him out of the competition .
The enemy thinks that the passion to run of Dan will decrease , but she does n't take into account , that this love will be forever in his heart to fight with any adversity in his way .
At the end , he continues running . Thanks to this , he achieved his goals .
The internet is the best means of communication .
Nowadays , the internet is used all over the world for many purposes .
First , we use the Internet to discover the world 's news ; on the Internet we can check and read the world 's most famous newspapers , such as the New York Times , the Sun and also electronic newspapers .
The Internet can also be used to study and to educate yourself ; the internet allows us to read books , magazines and short stories .
The Internet is the most effective way to start a business and to look for a job . Many people use the Internet to work , and they earn money every month .
The Internet is a way to make new friends all over the world through social websites such as Facebook , Twitter , and YouTube .
In conclusion , the internet is making things better and easier ; life now is always connected to the Internet .
My name is Mariangeles and I am going to show you one of the most magnificent places in Extremadura , Monterrubio de la Serena .
Visiting this small village , you will enjoy rural tourism with charm .
Feel the drama and realism of the best known event in Easter , played for nine years by the inhabitants , " The Passion of Christ " .
Discover the main representative museum there , the olive museum , where you are able to look at its history in each of their corners , in addition to tasting its exquisite oil .
Meet their patron saint , San Isidro , and get the most out of their memorable party in his honor .
Explore closely this unforgettable place and learn a bit more about the culture of Extremadura .
My favourite sport is swimming .
I have liked swimming since I was young , and when I grew up , I told my mum that I wanted to compete in competitions .
The first time , it 's difficult , like any other sport , because you do n't know and you have to improve by yourself , but if you like it , you will find it fascinating .
Also , I remember my first competitions . I did n't win . I came 4th , but I was n't sad because I thought that the next time I would do my best and probably I would win .
I went swimming 4 hours a week and it was amazing , because I improved a lot and , right now , I 'm one of the best .
Last year I won the national competition in my country and that makes me feel so good , because it 's all I want .
If you want to take up swimming , I would recommend you to do your best and if you like it you will enjoy it at the same time as you are doing exercise .
In the past , most people did not worry about their healthy .
These days , almost 80% of people have assured feel concerned about their bodies and their diet . Because of this , they promised me that they will try to improve their daily diet and they will do sport more frequently .
Like most people , we started to do sport because we were stressed and needed to get out of our house after a hard day of work or study .
One day , I went running and since that moment I have not stopped .
The perfect moment is whenever you want ; in the morning , in the afternoon , in the evening , or in the night .
It is true that in summer we have to be careful about with te hours are too hot and we should avoid running .
It is necessary to buy well - made sneakers , to make sure you do n't suffer a pain in your feet and the rest of your body .
In Tampico City the most important landmarks are the squares in Tampico . The best shopping centres are mall Altama ubicate in Tampico center and the beach Madero . The most important parks are Carpenter 's lagoon and my favorite restaurant is Child 's in mall Altama .
The beach at night is a good place for happen with your family .
Dear Ms Ana
Here I come to express my thoughts about what has been happening during these past weeks in the reception of the building .
I am happy to say that I have only positive points to present due to how welcome I feel when I arrive at the reception .
Because of that , sometimes I feel free to ask them what I want and depending on the way they receive my comments I can just let them do the task I asked them without keeping on watching them .
In conclusion , I 'd like to offer my help if anything is necessary .
Regards .
Myths and fables are always my favorite types of stories , because they can either be easy to understand or extend to deeper matters .
Sometimes it is interesting to know a story by discovering its background first , is n't it ?
For example , due to the wide spread of " The Epic of Gilgamesh " , we have all heard something relating to it , but do n't really know about any details .
Amount of tradition and legend nowadays somewhat refers its context , such as Homer 's " Odyssey " , the flood mentioned in the Bible , and especially Mesopotamian civilization .
Therefore , I am trying to find out more information about " The Epic of Gilgamesh " in order to understand it completely .
In conclusion , I hope that Riyadh city will be more interested in traffic jams .
If the government pays attention to improving the streets , decreases the use of cars , provides other transportation , and controls traffic jams by using police , Riyadh will become a great city so the people wo n't worry about going out .
I hope this problem will disappear soon .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
My name is Andreia . I am 27 years old . I am a very friendly person and I have experience in this area .
Last summer , I worked with children aged 10 years old for a month and I organised some activities on the beach , such as football games and gym classes .
For me , it 's a pleasure to make the time really fun .
I like cooking very much and I think that there are some activities that we could do in the kitchen , like baking cookies or making fresh bread .
For another think I can speak English very well , because I studied English at university although I am Portuguese .
I would like to get this job because I love children and I am a very patient person .
I hope you consider my application and contact me ,
Andreia
In the future , this tendency will continue and there will be more and more specific social networking sites between business and personal life .
In order for this to happen , looking out for new social networking sites designed for our particular goals .
Taking the place of general networks like you find on Facebook , you will find sites are specializing and aimed at individuals , businesses and society .
Using cars to fulfill our transportation needs within the city limits is a very good option for many of us . However , the necessity of travelling overseas or even outside of our suburban areas might require a different sort of transportation . Therefore , this is where public transportation should be focussed since long trips taking longer than a simple commute in the city would require it .
It has been a popular American tradition for many years now , since the mid-60s that we all use cars owned by private parties in order to meet our needs . Hence , it has been considered the " modus operandi " ever since .
A new thinking might help to address this issue : transportation itself , perhaps , is in need of evolution . That might be the use of public transportation , it has proven to be the best means to get to places the roads and geographical areas of which might happen to be unknown to the traveller .
Firstly , everyone can buy a lot of types of things in my city . For example , in the centre of the city , we can buy souvenirs , because this town has got old monuments , theatres and churches .
In the north of the city , people sell all types of food .
Normally , this food is made when people did in the past , although the best street market is in the west of the city .
On the other hand , you should visit a bookshop in a street market .
However , you can read a book while you eat and drink some things on the sofa of street .
You must remember that in the center of the city , you can visit the bakeries with the best sweets and bread in the world and these sweets are cheaper than in other towns .
Finally , people can visit the biggest shopping center in Spain . The location of this shopping center is on national street 445 in the west of the city .
You can see modern clothes while you eat in a restaurant and you can take photos of TV stars , because they shop in this shopping center and you feel like a star , because you see a famous person and you think that you are in a film .
The movie I have decided to review for you is a thriller called The Destiny .
The plot of the movie is set in a small town where everything has its own eyes and because of that you must be aware of your behaviour .
It all begins when a daughter comes to visit her mother and her step - father .
What I liked most was that you think you know what is going to happen , but to your surprise , it always turns out to be something unexpected .
Despite the fact that there is n't any Hollywood star , all the characters are played very believably and some scenes wo n't let you sleep .
Even the scenery is not based on a real story . It will make you think about accidents happening around you .
There is n't anything special that I disliked , except maybe for the music which was used .
Sometimes I felt that the background songs did n't match with what was happening , but after all you are in expectations of next step so you would n't mind it .
I highly recommend this movie to anyone who wants to see unpredictable situations happening and likes the feeling of the unknown .
Hi Isabel ,
I love this new place .
The town is called White City .
It is situated in Merida .
It is a quiet and beautiful city with many things to do and a lot of places to go .
My favourite place is the beach that is near , just about 20 miles away from my flat .
I hope you can come soon .
Jorge
In toward to the modernization of life and technology , people believe in different perspectives of their way of life , but the majority of ones are totally utopian .
Everyone wants particular objects and individual life , as an egoistic human being . However , the real world hasn't got the capacity to support these ideas .
Actually , we have a lot of problems with traffic : lots of carriages on the railway and they are n't running ; the number of cars in the street causes pollution ; crowded railways cause a late arrival .
In the biggest cities around the world , the traffic is nonstop and increasing every day .
We discover , in this context , special diseases caused by traffic : stress , violence , pollution , lack of safety , and so on .
For this reason , I believe that in the future we will return to using green fuels and public transport .
If public transport were of higher quality , faster and with lower fares , the majority of citizens would prefer it : it is calmer to relax and read a newspaper or a magazine during the journey on mass transport than in individual transport ; moreover , the time spent to go and come back would be reduced , because it promotes fewer carriages on the railway .
Thus , in the future , public transport will be more attractive than private and individual transport .
Last month , my friend came to Korea and visited me .
In the morning , we went to Ocean Park , we saw dolphins , cats , horses and many other animals . In the afternoon , we went on the roller coaster . I screamed at the top of my voice and called for help . Actually , I hate riding on roller coasters . We played mind train , punch , and a lot of other games . At the end of the day I was running out of gas , because I was too tired to walk any further .
On the last day , I gave her a photo that was our first hang out and we hugged each other . She gave me a present and asked me to keep it for her .
Nowadays , students have a lot of different forms of education . They may not only learn in school but also through the Internet .
It has both advantages and disadvantages .
The main advantage of learning on the Internet is saving time .
When we attend a school we often waste time on buses which we could devote to studying .
In the case of Internet learning , we can set one 's own hours of learning .
Also , the possibility of learning at home is a big advantage , especially for people who prefer peace and silence .
Then it 's better to concentrate on learning and we do n't feel any pressure or stress connected with questions and tests .
On the other hand , learning on the internet in the long term we could feel bored or lonely . School gives opportunities for learning in groups when students can help each other and solve problems .
Another disadvantage of learning on the Internet can be problems with the Internet connection .
It does not always work correctly .
A mind that lost it .
Malcolm Young is a guitarist who , with his brother , founded the rock band , AC / DC .
He has never been the most famous guitarist in the world . He was just one more guitar player .
He has lived in the shadow of his brother , the leader guitarist and one of the most important guitarists ever .
However , he has never thought of this as a problem .
He just does his job , plays guitar and sings as the second voice .
But if you research about what he has done for AC / DC , you realize that he was an important man .
A lot of AC / DC 's songs were written and composed by him .
He has been AC / DC 's mind .
But why did I write this article about someone who seems to be a simple guitarist . The reason is just one : the life of this man who one day just disappeared from the fans ' sight .
On April 2014 he was unable to give a performance .
On September 2014 , a note was released and published on AC / DC 's web page . The note said : " Malcolm is taking a break from the band due to ill health " .
But the true was worse , Malcolm has had an illness since 2014 and daily he is worse .
Dementia is the illness .
Dementia is an illness that affects the brain ; people 's memories are lost . Malcolm does n't remember who the people around him are .
Around a year ago , a video was made by Brazilian radio .
The video showed us dementia sufferers ' reaction to listening to AC / DC 's music .
At the end we read a sentence : " Although you might someday forget about the world , the world will never forget you , Malcolm , "
Live you only have one life , today . Perhaps tomorrow you will lose everything .
My name is Samy .
I'm a 22-year - old Egyptian .
When I was young , I enjoyed playing basketball .
I thought that it was the best sport ever .
It made me fit and strong .
It taught me the meaning of teamwork and leadership .
I kept playing basketball continuously for 4 years , till I went to secondary school .
My advice to anyone starting basketball is to never give up and always keep playing till the last minute .
We are not alone . We live with people who are family for us .
Relationships can be very different .
From the best to the worst .
But sometimes we start to call our sisters and brothers our enemies without any reason .
Who brings us up ?
Who cares about us ?
Who tries to make us happy ?
Our enemy ?
Of course not .
Our family are people who will love us , and who do n't look at situations and who we are .
We are always small and careless children to our parents , small and foolish to our elder brothers and sisters .
And I can clearly say that they are our friends . We are part of them and they are part of us .
So we need to stand together .
Television and other things invented by technology are part of our lives .
I think every family has got a television in their own home and , for example , I have 4 televisions in mine .
For me , television has advantages and disadvantages .
It 's important if we want to know news about our country or world news .
There are a lot of interesting TV programs where we can learn something and there are also intriguing television programs .
These are advantages , but we can also have disadvantages from them .
For example , we can become addicted to our television .
It is not the best thing for our eyesight and our health .
In general , I think our technology is not the best thing for our health and TV and other similar things are responsible for our problems with health and eyesight .
So , television has positive and negative aspects and it 's up to us how to behave with it .
To keep our minds well and healthy , we need to spend some time on sport .
I like cricket . It is the best of all the sports . Cricket is a good mind - refreshing game .
Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately .
After calling the ambulance , he waited outside his car for someone who could help him .
He picked up the phone and dialled the number of his girlfriend , Lisa .
She is a nurse , but he did n't receive any reply .
He thought that he must do something or his friend could die .
They had a car accident , and fortunately he was n't injured , but his friend Sam was unconscious .
He tried to stop some cars that passed on the street , but it was useless .
The ambulance arrived .
Sam was visited but beside the shock , he only had some bruises .
He went with him to the hospital and in the end it was a success story .
I live in the beautiful city of Siena , which is famous for its landscapes .
If you come to Siena , there are a number of shops you should visit .
The museum of the Duomo is the best tourist attraction .
Her name is Adriana ; she is eleven years old .
She is from Almazora , a little town near to Castellón .
She is an only child , so she does n't have any brothers or sisters , but she has two lovely cousins called Daniel and Mariano .
Her two best friends are Laura Gorritz and me ( Maria Rodríguez ) . She is great friends with Carlota Pedralba , and as well as best friends , she has some enemies .
Laura , Adriana and me ( María ) love being a little bit cheeky , in a good way .
She is sometimes mean to people if you are not her friend , but normally she is VERY kind .
Adriana does n't like sleeping , that is one of the things I have in common with her .
One of her favourite things to do is drawing . She has lots and lots of special pens , crayons , highlighters , paint .... As you see , she is good at drawing .
She says she is n't good at maths , even though she likes it .
So ... This is Adriana and some things about her .
My favourite sports are cycling and swimming .
Swimming is very exciting .
Even if you do n't know how to swim , you will love it .
In Hong Kong , it is very hot in summer .
There are a lot of swimming pools in Hong Kong . People love to swim with their families , friends or their children .
People in Hong Kong love to go cycling in the holidays , too .
Some people usually do cycling for relaxation .
People like cycling along the river .
Doing sport is very important in our lives . We need to do more sports to make us healthy .
Hello !
I am Alexander Sokolov .
I 'm going to visit your hotel from June 6 to June 24 .
But I have a serious problem - I am allergic to animal hair .
So would you please reserve a room for me where no animals have lived before ?
Best regards , Alexander Sokolov
Dear Gareth ,
I ca n't go to the barbecue next Sunday because I 'm going to Seville with my parents and I 'm coming back so late .
I think that we can meet on Saturday evening at the cafe .
What do you think about it ?
Love ,
Alicia
The last mistake that I made has to have been when I changed telephone companies , because , since I changed , I have had a lot of problems .
All companies are the same , any solve your problems .
I have had to make a claim because the company did n't resolve my problems .
After a month , I did n't know when I would receive my telephone .
All this began because the first telephone that I received was faulty .
The company had to send me another telephone . That telephone turned out to be faulty too .
Since that moment , I 've had nothing but problems .
Now , I have to wait for an answer from the company .
My favourite sport is handball . I have played it every day since class 4 .
I really like it because this is not a game in which you only play with a ball .
It is really exciting and amazing .
I feel happy when I play it .
In this game you must play with a team .
You must n't play alone , but you must play with a team .
My first handball match was in class 5 .
I remember , because we won .
On starting , I was really bored and I wanted to stop playing .
But when I understood how much happiness this game gives me , I started more running and training .
The trainer said to me that I was really good .
These words made me start more
belive in yourself .
If you 'd like to try playing handball , you must know that the first time is always the worst .
But you must n't
not believe in yourself .
This is my advice for anyone who would like to play any game .
Before starting to talk about the members of my family and if they are my best friends or not , I just want to say that my family is the thing I love most in my life . I respect them , appreciate them also , and I think they are the best thing in my life .
The family member I love most and think is my best friend , is my sister . She is older than me by about 12 years . I can tell her anything about my life , myself , my feelings , I also think if I fell in love , she would be the first to know .
About the rest of my family , as I said before , they are just a relatives , but even if they are not friends , I do love them so much . The first one is my aunt , the dead one , and the other one is still alive . But I do n't feel that feeling of love towards my uncle . I do love him , but he is just my uncle , no more .
Finally I want to talk about my cousins . I love most of them , especially the cousins of the same age . They are my friends . I love them so much , and also the rest of my family .
I would like to inform about correction of my family name in the result sheet .
I have already checked my family name with student services last Friday , 20 November .
My family name is WONGWATJANAKUL but the result sheet is WONGWATJANAKAKUL , which is incorrect .
Could you please correct my family name .
If you have further questions , please feel free to contact me . I would be grateful if you would let me know as soon as possible .
Sport is very important for our bodies . It has many benefits to improve ourselves and give us self - confidence , so we should practise any sport we love because it can change our minds for the better .
About me . I like playing volleyball and I enjoy this sport when I play it because of its being useful for my body .
Look for a sport to make you feel good and your brain will always be refreshed , so that you can begin your day with any sport to make fresh and after that you can do any job with a refreshed mind .
The benefits of any sport make your health good , so we should do it . Just do exercise every morning to make your blood flow in your whole body .
He is an athletic runner who has set a new global record . Nobody believes in him , not the media nor his own father .
When he was just about crossing the finishing line , he got hurt and his muscles were dying and started to peel off a black matter . At that point , the guys in suits thought that he would n't be able to cross the line , but when they saw that he kept running . They froze the time and ran after him . He stopped for a moment , but then he started running again and when he crossed the line he woke up in a red somber fluid . He was wiped from the matrix . He opened his eyes and saw a flying robot , suddenly he was in a wooden wheelchair and they said that he would never be able to walk again . Despite that , he stood up and tried to walk again .
My favourite sport is basketball .
I like this game very much . It is a very useful game . It helps me to keep fit . I started playing basketball many years ago . I want to be a very famous basketball player .
basketball needs a person to be tall enough to play it . I like basketball because it makes me happy , fit , gives me self - confidence and makes me active . If someone wants to play basketball , he should do a lot of exercises and try to be able to play it , because everything is difficult at first , but he should n't give up .
There was an island that each year in a particular month suffered a hurricane . This island is located on the equator . People go to this island these days but they ca n't go when there is a hurricane , because they could die in the hurricane .
The island was flooded but the island had a levee that prevented flooding . Then after many years , an engineer started constructing a building to have more money than in the city . He put many advertisements on all things : balls , balloons , movies , etc .
The engineers needed help to construct the building . They called a professional to see what was wrong .
Then the professional said that the island has expose with the ocean .
They did n't know that the island was Atlantis .
Then the engineers called another sector to ensure the doubt about Atlantis . Then the professional said that the other professional was correct .
Then the engineers made a forecast .
Then they drank a coffee that give them a lot of energy to construct the building faster . This coffee has an ingredient so that people can live all night .
Then he worked all night to finish the next month .
One month later
First , one elevator did n't function . Then they had a fight to find who was to blame for the elevator .
Then tourists went to this building to find jobs to earn money .
Then the hurricane came and all the people were scared because they did n't know what they were going to do .
The people did n't know that this was a cycle , because the engineers did n't tell them about this hurricane .
Then the hurricane was roof of all the island .
But the engineer ignored this situation . Then a helicopter came to save the residents .
This helicopter had humid .Then the helicopter started to rotate in the whole island . Then the helicopter sank in the water . Then the hurricane ended and the engineers started to distribute food and medicine .
Then the engineers discovered that the eye of the hurricane was widespread all over the island and that the island was a hemisphere . Then in the city , qualify to the people that work in this building .
When I started to study here in Australia , I found the difference in curriculum compared to my home country .
It is really crucial for me to adopt their way of teaching at this time .
In my home country , when I was at university , it has quite easy for me to follow the educational policies .
The learning style is a traditional learning style that is usual in my country .
In addition , the type of examination is more on memorization , that I can use my own language that help me to understand it easier .
" In particular , many international students are too teacher dependent and uncritical of material that have been thought , prone to role memorization , they misunderstand the cardinal sin of plagiarism , and lack knowledge of the genres of academic writing " .
In contrast , in my present learning , it is absolutely crucial .
The academic style is more about critical thinking , and it is hard to cope , because I need to understand it using their language .
Clearly , multiple factors have had major influences on the nature of the student population attending universities and how this shift affects , and is affected by , university policy and practiced are important issues .
As an international learner , I embraced these changes in my learning strategies , primarily because these new learning strategies of academic style are important for my future course .
It has challenged me to adapt to a universal approach to the learning style back in my country .
Julia 's anecdote is not a fact , but fiction .
It 's a bookseller called " A droga da obediência " whose author is Brazilian .
The story is about five friends that begin investigating drug trafficking happening inside a school .
However , one friend disappears , then the four friends decide to discover where he is .
It 's a mystery story with a moral , because to the reader 's surprise , the headmaster was the drug dealer that produced the drug in the classes .
The moral is about students not being naïve and being careful of unscrupulous men that sell drugs .
Hi Jo !
I heard you are going to come to my country .
I am writing to you to give you some advice about work and travel in my country .
In Poland we have a lot of interesting places to visit .
Places that you can visit : mountains , sea and lakes .
We have a lot of nice old towns .
Poland is an amazing and interesting country .
If you have working in Poland , the best way is job on holiday .
If you have experience of cooking , you will be the right person for this job .
Hope you come soon .
See you !
Love !
XYX
I have a dream to continue my studies to PhD level .
However , I think that it is not an easy thing to achieve because of the limited information about scholarships .
In addition , I work as a civil servant who should follow the government rules .
Actually , I do n't give up and always look for opportunities .
In my opinion , education is a way to improve our quality of life .
In other words , it can change our paradigm and mindset to better perspectives .
In the broader capacity , it can help my nation 's position in the world .
Therefore , I do not try to suppress my ambition .
Everything is possible as long as we make an effort .
Travelling is an essential in everybody 's life .
Although the number of cars is increasing day by day , most people travel via public transport . Their limited income restricts their ability to buy cars .
Also , the main drawback of cars is environmental pollution .
Therefore , public transport has its own importance .
In order to avoid environmental pollution , people should use public transport . That will not only help to reduce the pollution , but also the extra expenditure on petrol .
The government should focus on the improvement of public transport and must discourage individual cars .
Hi Richard ,
Thank you for your money .
I 'm going to buy a DVD of ' Frozen ' .
I chose this movie because it is my favourite cartoon and I can watch with my children .
Take the best care .
Lorena
Dear Peter ,
Thanks for your letter asking about the wedding .
It 's always great to hear from you and I hope that everything is going well .
In my country , weddings are celebrated from Spring to Autumn .
People wear special clothes .
If the wedding is in the morning , women wear short dresses whereas , if the wedding is in the afternoon , women wear long dresses .
The food is varied .
You can have several dishes , such as fish , meat , seafood and a large cake .
I hope that 's useful .
By the way , if you need anything else , you know where I am , and I really mean it .
I 'm looking forward to hearing from you .
Bye for now ,
Lorena
Bye for now ,
Lorena
Hello Jo .
Good I am going to throw a hand .
My advice for travelling in Spain is that there are several types of transport but the most economical is public transport , the most expensive transport is a taxi , for example .
But , you can travel by plane . It is not very expensive .
My advice for finding work is a bit complicated because , nowadays , there are a lot of people without work .
But you could be lucky , because the summer is very near and the work increases .
You can find work , since you have learned English , in a bar , in a hotel , etc .
Well , I wish you all the best and that you find work .
Good luck !
From David .
I woke up knowing it was the most important day of my life .
I had been waiting for that day for a long time . It was my wedding day .
In the sprinter , he proposed to me in Cordoba , so I excitedly accepted .
We had a long love story .
I had met my boyfriend 5 years ago , so I was sure that it was the most important day of my life .
I wore a beautiful dress and I well brushed .
It was an exciting day , all my friends , family … were with me .
My boyfriend became my husband .
He was very handsome and he sang a magnificent song for me .
These days , he is a good husband , and I 'm sure that he loves me very much .
Dear Sir ,
I 'm writing this letter to tell you about my work last summer at my local cinema .
I liked my work there so much .
My work was reserving tickets for the customers .
It seemed like a simple job to me , but it was also a very stressful job at rush times .
In the morning , we had small groups of people and the rush times started in the evening .
I am looking forward to hearing from you about how you spent your summer .
Sincerely ,
Gehad
Hi , My name is Gabriela Cordeiro Magalhaes ... I am thirteen years old .
I like playing games and reading .
I 'm from Brazil .
My best friend is Jennifer Giordano . She 's pretty and smart .
I would recommend Huang Ji Huang to host our farewell dinner .
Huang Ji Huang is located in the popular district in North Jakarta which many people call PIK .
This a is China - based chain that has recently opened .
This restaurant had received many awards in China before it opened in Jakarta .
The building of Huang Ji Huang is pretty big if you compare it with the other restaurants in PIK .
The place has a private room and a karaoke room in one place .
Besides that , the public room is also clean and comfortable , but I recommend you to choose the private room to accommodate our farewell dinner .
The waiters who work here are kind and helpful , they serve the customers kindly and always explain the menu clearly , they are able to make their customers satisfied with the service .
Huang Ji Huang specialize in a stew pots menu , which will allow you to enjoy authentic Chinese food .
You can order a set menu that Huang Ji Huang offers or you can also choose the ingredients that you want for your stew pot , but you must choose 3 to 5 ingredients .
Huang Ji Huang has 5 kinds of sauce which can make your stew pot tasty , and one of them is Mala Sauce .
Mala Sauce is a spicy flavor and it is very authentic and you will rarely find this taste in another restaurant .
But if you do not like spicy , you can also try the Honey Sauce .
After all the food is very tempting to try and the size of a portion is big enough to share with 3 or 4 people .
The price is cheap if you take into account the service and the taste of the food .
Having a farewell dinner here is worth the money .
Every month , Huang Ji Huang always have a special offer for their customers , and for this month Huang Ji Huang will give a 20% discount to customers who spend 500 IDR or more , for complete information you can check on the website or call the restaurant .
And I highly recommend you to make a reservation first if you decide to hold our dinner here , because this place is always crowded and we also need a private room .
I used all of the things except two .
I did n't have the Internet when I was child .
And also we could n't choose programmes .
I played in the street and walked to school alone .
I'm thinking about what kind of things were more dangerous for me . It was very dangerous when my friends and I swam in the Tobol river .
We jumped into the water and caught crayfish .
When I remember that moment , I am excited .
I guess every child wants to investigate the world .
We have to help them , to show and explain .
What kind of risks they can run if they do that .
Nuclear energy is one of most important sources to generate energy and heat for the people in the world .
The countries attempt to develop the nuclear industry to produce more power .
There are many views about using the nuclear power .
Some people think nuclear power has great value to produce power compared to fossil fuels , such as coal and oil , which are not renewable energy .
Moreover , they think that controlling pollution is possible .
Whereas .
The serious side of nuclear power is the dangerous weapons that countries try to own , which threaten the peace in the world .
These kinds of weapons do not kill one or ten , but destroy a large town completely .
In my opinion , using nuclear power is important for the great development in human life . Countries have to establish this energy and other sources to secure power for people .
Hi Lucy ,
How are you ?
I am writing to tell you about something that for sure you will love .
Yesterday , I was surfing the Internet and found an amazing site www.bargainstime.com .
It was really by chance .
I saw a colorful pop - up ad and I decided to check it out .
I was in shock .
There were so many trendy clothes at attractive prices .
Immediately , I did some shopping there . I bought a pair of skinny blue jeans and a tight black dress .
The material is of good quality and the clothes look the same as on the page .
This is a big plus but the waiting time for delivery is quite long .
I know that you are looking for a wedding dress and I saw a lot of wonderful items on this page .
I think you will like it just like me .
I hope it will help you .
See you soon ,
Martyna
In 2009 , Michel lived in New York with his girlfriend , Ann , in their own apartment .
He worked a lot , arrived late from his work and never had time to be with Ann .
But they were in love and they decided that they would get married in 2010 .
Everything was organized .
Ann decided that she 'd try on her wedding dress
in her apartment while Michel was working .
There is a tradition that the man must n't see
his bride before the wedding day .
Michel arrived home earlier that day , and when he opened his door , he saw
Ann dressed in her wedding dress .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
The fastest option for going on holidays
My favourite way to travel is by plane because you are quickly in another country .
By plane , you rarely have problems with your luggage .
By train , you do n't always have room for your luggage .
By plane , you can hand your luggage in at the check - in or you can take the hand luggage with you . You can always be sure that you will find a place for your luggage .
Another reason why travel by plane is my favourite is because it is more comfortable to sleep unless you have a loud person close to you .
That can be annoying .
I think travel by boat is one of the worst ways to travel if you get seasick .
Then you must travel by train or by plane .
BIG FISH ,
A VERY GOOD RESTAURANT WHOSE SPECIALITY IS " TAPAS "
Eating " tapas " is a very popular way of having a meal in Spain .
If you are not very hungry .
You can eat small pieces of different dishes and have dinner or lunch inexpensively .
For more than thirty years , in Nerja has been openend every day " Big Fish " , a traditional restaurant with the typical cuisine of the coast of Málaga .
With your drink , the first portion is on the house .
If you pay between one and three euros , you can choose little dishes of fresh fish and different types of salads .
The portion of prawns is very famous , as is the octopus salad , which is known by everyone .
The service is very organised and fast . Although it might be high season , you will not have to wait a long time .
This restaurant only has one little problem .
You can eat " tapas " at the counter or at small tables near the bar .
The rest of the dining room is exclusively for eating meals .
Discussions about genetic manipulation become heavy when a specific area is mentioned : genetically modified food or GM food .
For several decades , the population has been discussing arguments for and against GM food .
Improving human nutrition and agriculatural conditions are arguments of those who are in favour of manipulation .
In the first quarter , we can see that sales rose . In the second quarter , sales went up , but in the third quarter , sales were unchanged .
In conclusion , we can see that sales went up every time except the third quarter when they were unchanged .
This is good , because sales never went down .
My favourite sport is football . I love it .
It is the most popular sport in the world .
I enjoy playing it , particularly because it is a competitive sport and because you play with a team and not alone , and this , for me , is really important .
The thing I like best about football is playing it , but I also like watching it . In fact I am a fan of the team Lazio .
Some people think that football is a bad thing because the footballers are all stupid and the fans are all violent and disrespectful , but it is n't like that .
OK , there are some fans who are n't good people , but the major football associations are trying to stop them and to abolish all bad things in football .
For all the people , I advise you to start playing or watching football , because , for me , it is a very good sport . But you can only play football well if you really like it , because , first and foremost , football is fun .
Like every year , on the twenty - third of April , the day of the book , in my school all the students in the fifth and sixth years of primary school do a short story competition and the winner gets a prize .
The prizes are usually a book and a ticket to the theme park in Madrid , and the children who have participated win a book .
Always the director of my school , who is called Michael , is the one who organizes this event so that the children can have fun writing their short stories .
But this year , Michael organized it very badly because he did n't have enough books for all the children and a lot of them did n't get a prize , so Michel closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
I think my town really takes care of the environment , because there are a lot of parks in this town and they are very clean .
However , some people do not care about the environment . That means some people throw garbage away in the park .
I think almost everyone loves parks , because a lot of people go to the park and have lunch , picnic , do exercise , nap etc .
I think after eating something in the park cleaning up after themselves is good .
However , not everyone does that , so how much the public authorities care about the environment is important and this town cares about that a lot .
Every morning , some people come the to park and clean . up That makes us feel really grateful .
When I am walking around here I can see a lot of beautiful gardens and the roads are clean , so I think many people care about the town as well .
There are many sports grounds , for example , tennis courts , football pitches and play equipment for children , so I think my town takes care of the environment . That means everyone will be able to the in be best condition in both mind and body a for long time .
In particular , there are a lot of green areas . These makes good health .
However , someone has to take care of them .
The town has to do that and I think in England there are so many green areas all around , so a lot of people take care of these and that creates a good environment .
After I went to live in England with my family , I have goton the feel very much indeed .
Pain and Gain
This movie is based quote unquote on a " true story " , but obviously director Michael bay known for the transformers franchise puts a lot of Hollywood into this movie . It 's about a bodybuilder named Daniel Lugo who decides to kidnap a rich guy and make him sign away all of his property , which obviously is not a great plan that backfires on him , and eventually the police get him .
It 's a great funny movie , especially for someone like me who enjoys going to the gym and lifting some weights .
Hi Julie ,
thank you for your present .
I love the T - shirt that you gave me for my birthday .
It is a very beautiful T - shirt because I like the colour and the pattern .
My day in London
I went to London in April .
It was pretty warm .
My family and I got a great feeling as we landed in London .
We saw a lot of sights , like Big Ben , which is the biggest clock in the world , and the London Eye .
To get to Big Ben , we took the underground , but to get to the London Eye , a red bus .
After 3 days we came home .
I forgot to tell you something about homeless people .
A lot of people are homeless , which is sad , but maybe we can change it .
Sport is very important for everyone .
Old people and young people benefit from sports .
My favourite sport is volleyball .
I like it very much . I play it at a club .
I play it with my friends .
It makes my body healthy and strong .
If you score a lot of points , you will win the match .
Generally , sports are growing our minds continuously .
I play it with my friends .
I enjoy playing it alone or with my friends .
My parents always support me playing what I like and
enjoy .
It makes me lose weight easily without making any effort .
I do n't find any difficulty doing it .
My favourite sport is basketball .
Usually I only play basketball at school .
We play in teams or each one alone .
Of course , we do n't have 2 million balls for each student . No , we share with each other .
Also , not all the school play at one time so every section has time to play .
At school I always play with friends and never play alone and my friends and I always win .
Last time I played we won 14 to 5 .
Do you know why I enjoy my sport ? I will tell you why . Because when you play you have fun and interested .
My advice for people who are starting this sport is to practise playing until they get it .
My favourite soap opera is " Friends " . I remember watching it at home at the age of twelve and laughing out loud with my brother .
I still watch it on Saturdays and I really enjoy it !
My favourite character is Joey , who is a silly , innocent man .
He lives with Chandler , opposite Monica and Rachel 's flat .
It is very difficult to deny the importance of family in our lives . Families definitely play an essential role in society . According to the experts , we ca n't create a successful society without creative families , and another specific part of our lives is good partners surrounding our daily activities .
One of the main advantages of family is the recognition you are given at a specific age . Children require special attention to grow up well , and that can only be given by family . For instance , homeless children are more likely to fail in their education or job and not adapt to society .
Consequently , they probably fail to experience from their lives .
Moreover , families play an essential part in protecting their members from bad atmosphere , and it probably reflects on their performance toward country , leading to effective , creative and useful civilians .
The last film I watched was " The Others " . It is a horror / suspense movie . I was really scared .
It is about a family ( a mother and her two children , Nicholas and Anne ) . The mother is crazy and thinks her children are allergic to the light in general .
So the does n't go outside in the day , and in a room there can not be more than one candle at a time ; it has to always be dark in the house .
Strange things happen in the house . There are " intruders " in the house ; Anne saw many times someone called Victor who " plays "
and the mother thinks she is lying . But after a while , she believes her and starts searching for the intruders .
At the end , the intruders turn out to be ghosts that


Public transportation
I think nowadays it is more common that people use their car for their normal activities , but the statement that there is no future for public transportation it is not completely true . I think that a lot of people use public transportation because it is cheaper and some people do n't have enough money to buy a car .
Another reason is that , here in Mexico , in some cities , you ca n't use your car on specific days , so if you do not have another car , you have to use public transportation .
Well , my college has an organization called Enactus .
I 'm a member of it and its goal is to improve the positivity of our society by setting up projects that serve many people who really need our help .
So , we have actually done 8 projects since I joined and I had a good feeling through helping other people .
We entered 2 national competitions in 2 years and won second place for one of our projects and gained 2 leagues for other ones .
We made our university proud , plus we helped people .
Now , there are over 180 members in this organization and the number is increasing .
We need more of this type of organization across the world and there are a lot of students ready to help and wishing for a chance to make our society a better place .
Nowadays , ways of life have been changing in many ways .
Does why , it is easy to believe that if things continue at this pace and transforming everything , in the near future , in 50 years , everything is going to be completely new and different .
In the past , people used to live in the moment without concern about the future .
The lives of everybody were the same and just some of them thought that what they were doing in that moment would have consequences in the future .
Because of that , everything was kind of similar and static for many years .
But then industrialization came and , with that , technology , so ways of life started to change and everything started to go faster .
As I said before , because of technology , many things have become possible in less time , and with the passage of the years , this has tended to increase .
For example , sharing knowledge and experiences means that everybody can do or apply things and develop faster .
It also means that research can be shared easily or , for example , you can get information about environmental problems that can affect you as well , so you can react faster and make some changes .
Another example of why lives are going to change completely in 50 years is because , also , that connection with other cultures makes people more concerned about their own health , their expectations of life and the way they want to live it , because every day it will be easier to see how much we are hurting the earth , so we will see faster the impacts that this has on our lives .
As a result , we will need to change fast , to try to fix what we have broken and start to rebuild in order to have that future or health that we dream of .
Last but not least , family perception , has been changed and for that time everything will be different because it will be the effect of the decisions that women are making right now about having kids .
They are tending to work as much as men , so it is hard to have time for building a family or even sometimes it is hard , too , thinking about getting married .
As a result , maybe there wo n't be a young workforce in 50 years and people will spend all their time and money on their hobbies , sports , self care and traveling .
I studied in Kuwaiti schools . After that I went to Damascus university , the faculty of human medicine . I graduated from it in 2008 with a very good grade , then I got the Master 's degree in laboratory medicine from the same university ( Ministry of Higher Education ) in 2013 with an Excellent grade .
Then I returned to Kuwait , to stay at home till I find work or get a chance to continue my higher education ( doctorate ) ....
Now I 'm working in voluntary positions , like translation , editing in Wikipedia & others .
This premonition can not hold more true .
Traveling on public transport can be cumbersome and quite eventful .
Talk of getting to meet strangers who may turn out to be thieves .
That is why I feel traveling in your own car is the best thing that can happen to a person .
You get the convenience of traveling at your own pace and stopping when you please .
Someone has suggested putting warnings on some types of food and drink .
This suggestion is controversial .
On the one hand , society is becoming increasingly fat and some kinds of warnings could be useful to remind them to eat healthily .
On the other hand , it 's hard to implement this idea .
The companies who produce products with harmful ingredients are very powerful , so that this suggestion is very hard to enforce .
The example of cigarette packets shows that warnings like this could be useful .
The aim of this report is to provide an assessment to relocate the current campus canteen to a location that would be more accessible for all the students . Hence , it will hopefully prove both the profitability of the canteen and the important role it plays for all the students on the campus .
One day , a man called Jonas was standing in front of a mountain when he saw a big bird of prey .
He was worried that the bird might charge him , so the man seeks refuge and goes in a cave .
Suddenly he understands that he has heard a noise so he decides to stay in the cave away from danger .
It 's the day after and Jonas has stayed all night in the cave and in the cold .
At dawn the man goes out of the cave and looks at the sky to see if there is a bird of prey .
Jonas does n't see the bird and thinks that the predator has gone away , during the night .
So he decides to go home .
While the man was climbing the mountain , the bird pecked at Jonas who , worried , did n't know what to do .
He decided to take the penknife that he had in his bag , and he was successful in killing the bird of prey .
After two long days , Jonas gets home safe and sound and tells everything about his experience .
As all of us know , today 's generation prefers everything to be their own .
And in the process of owning , we have moved so far ahead that a day will come when we will strongly claim that public transport does not have any future .
It will automatically diminish its presence .
As our country is developing , there will be a time when each and every individual will be self - reliant and will definitely prefer having their own vehicle to commuting from one place to the other .
In 1999 some college friends went to the desert on their holiday . They went camping to have fun .
But one day , two guys with quad bikes saw something wrong , and they sad " what 's that ? " . They saw a dead body . They were scared and ran to their camp .
The other friends called the police .
The police came with a big investigation .
the investigation accused them and investigate prison .
After two days , the police saw somebody at the crime scene . The policeman asked them what they were doing there . He was scared and puzzled .
They caught him and
after two days he confessed .
The policeman was sham feom the gues and he apologised .
television serves the dual purposes of entertaining and educating people . In order to cope with the competitive world and get recognized in the corporate world , one must strive hard , which in turn increases their stress levels .
Television has become one of the means to reduce stress levels . Besides providing entertainment , television has also become a source of information .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
I have applied to your University and I am still waiting for an answer .
Also , I have not had an invitation to an interview yet .
The problem is that I am from Poland and I could be in Great Britain from 22 to 25 February .
I am sorry if I have not understood your previous e - mails .
I am waiting for your answer .
Yours sincerely
Well , I 'm Sebastian Vega and I 'm studying engineering sustainable development .
One of the things that I feel stressed about are the final exams , because I have to study for all the classes and sometimes I am very confused by my notes .
To be honest , I take the finals exams as a challenge and it becomes exciting for me , and I think I learn a lot if I have pressure and most of the time , I get good grades .
Sometimes , I trust a lot and I have bad grades so I feel depressed .
Nowadays , public transport is hardly necessary to our life .
However , a lot of cities have a problem with traffic because of this . The problem is that citizens do n't use public transport , such as buses , taxis , or even the metro .
Consequently , gorvernment has started to support and take care of public transport .
Moreover , it 's not only a traffic problem , but the transport is also in bad condition .
A lot of toxic exhaust is emitted into the air .
How can we revive public transport ?
People are unpleasant because all of is is bad quality , so governments ought to update it with new technology which protects the environment .
Now , the price of a car is very low , so it is very easy to buy a car .
In the past , a family had only one car , but today we have a car for each of us .
Restaurant review
This restaurant is excellent !
It 's not very expensive and there are lots of choices on the menu .
The waiters are always smiling and they are very nice .
They wear black and white clothing like the decoration of the establishment .
It is located in the city centre next to a big fountain .
They open from 11 am to 14 pm and from 8 pm to 10 pm .
And for spring and summer they open a beautiful large terrace .
The atmosphere is very friendly .
The food is excellent and copious .
The baking of the meat is excellent .
The wait is not long , only a few minutes .
This restaurant would be the best for our class .
The best place for young people in our area is without doubt the countryside with the lake .
Here they can do many kinds of sport : swimming , sailing , surfing , kiting , rowing and many others .
At least they can meet other folks and relax , sunbathe and listen to the music .
In the summer around the lake there are so many concerts so you have difficulty finding the right one .
Luckily the schools are closed for ten weeks , so the young girls and boys have a lot of time to spend their
leisure time together .
Nowadays , there is very little public transport . The general public prefer much faster and more convenient ways of traveling around . Though public transport is used in major cities to avoid traffic congestion , it is widely recognized that public transport is eco - friendly .
Public transport is used by many people around the world , including me .
Some public transport like trains do not pollute as much as cars or motorbikes .
Many people say that public transport is not comfortable . That 's true . From my point of view , a bus is not so uncomfortable .
Many people like travelling by car , but it pollutes a lot more than going by public transport . Public transport is cheaper than buying a car or motorbike , it also pollutes less than them .
Public transport is also used by children like me who want to go to school , high school or to university .
Finally , I think public transport has a very good future , because it has very good advantages but also some slight disadvantages . It 's also very useful for some people .
In my opinion , public transport should n't disappear .
I like to spend time with cute little kids and cooking is my favourite hobby .
In the evening , I would like to spend some time with those kids by organising some indoor and outdoor games for them .
I would feel more energetic throughout the day If I had some busy or tight - scheduled work . I came across your advertisement for this job and I really think that I would suit this job in every respect , because I have a friendly rapport with people around me . I would be pleased to receive your positive reply .
My town tries to take care of the environment , but sometimes it is not possible .
Some people do n't have any awareness of the need for a good environment .
Neither do they seem to take care of nature and everything around them .
For instance , my town has a lot of mountains with big forests , tall trees and many types of animals or plants .
However , that is n't protected by the government and its institutions .
Local Parliament haven't regulated principles or rules for the environment , so ecosystems have been destroyed , rivers are contaminated and pollution has increased in my town .
Besides , my town 's institutions have allowed some foreign enterprises or corporations to take our own resources without demanding that they be careful with the environment .
This is clearly a symptom of how my town does n't care about any element of the environment .
Nevertheless , in the last decade , some neighborhoods have become conscious of their context .
In this way , we can see that their population have so much control and they know that affects them .
Good management of the rubbish is a new trend in many neighborhoods of my town .
The recycling of plastic , paper , cardboard etc , by the population of the biggest neighborhoods in my town is a way to improve the environment .
My favourite sport is boxing , because it 's the only sport that can relax me .
In my opinion , this sport teaches us to be mature , because , in addition to setting up the person physically , it instructs the mind .
I began this sport 2 years ago .
My brother had won so many fights and when I saw him proud I wanted to try that .
I do n't know what I can tell .
Thank you goodbye .
Most people prefer large colleges to small colleges for their many advantages .
First , the majors they offer are numerous and diverse .
They have a lot of faculty members .
They give the students the freedom to choose their majors and their teachers .
In addition , they have a lot of facilities that serve students , like kindergartens that take care of the children of the employees , university housing , a hospital the students of medicine can be application in and it serves the people too , and a big library which has many books in various languages .
Besides that , they have some services like transport for students and faculty , some restaurants , and a mini - market .
In addition , the location of large a college is clear and in the center of the city , so that is it easily accessible .
In the end , large colleges admit larger numbers of students , so the students may establish more friendships with people of different nationalities . Also they serve the community by qualifying many students in various majors .
Once upon a time , there was a boy whose name was Michael .
He had very beautiful brown hair , green eyes , and a perfect smile .
Michael loved to play football all the time .
One day , he woke up early in the morning and he went out to play football before school . When he was playing , he saw something running very fast and go away .
He went back home to get ready for school and he tried to forget what he had seen , but he could n't .
After school , he did n't go home directly because he wanted to check if what he had seen in the morning was real or not , but he did n't find anything .
Next day , he woke up early again , not to play football but to see if that stranger would come back that morning , and he saw him again .
He rushed from his bed to the street and walked to his way to see what he did every morning . When he was walking after the strange man , he noticed that he stopped at every trash can in the street to take a look before going to the next one . And , guess what ? He saw Michael and ran away and Michael was afraid .
The stranger was looking for food in the street to take to his family .
Hi Michael ,
I just got back from a school trip to London .
It was very cool .
We visited the Tower of London , Buckingham Palace and the wax museum .
I liked the wax museum the most .
He puts them on Marie Tussaud in 1835 .
There are statues of famous people from different walks of life made of wax . When were you last on a school trip ? Where was it and what did you see ?
Hello John
Thank you for showing interest in being a part of our company .
The organisation has reached its current position because of people like you .
We would like to give you six months to scale up your skills .
We are looking forward to seeing your participation in the Organisation after six months .
My favorite sport is basketball .
I like it very much .
Almost every weekend , I go to the playground to play basketball with my classmates .
And that 's my happiest time .
Furthermore , I watch NBA matches on TV every day .
I am quite interested in how the stars are getting on .
Insufficient ESP teaching skills made teachers pull back to general English .
This becomes the concern of employers , since it may impact on the students ' learning outcomes .
This should also become the ED UMM commitment .
FILM : LUCY ( 2014 )
The plot of this film is about a 25-year - old naive woman who was living and studying in Taiwan and one night went out clubbing and met a crazy guy who involved her in a seedy drug smuggling racket with a Korean criminal gang that forced her to be a drugs mule .
A new substance , called CPH4 , destined to be distributed around Europe and the United States by which a full bag was put into her stomach by illegal clinical surgery .
But everything went out of control for the criminals when one of her captors kicked her in her abdomen . The substance spills through her body and she begins to experience a different state of consciousness in which she dizzily enhanced her IQ from 2% to almost 100% of its capacity .
During this time , she contacts Samuel Norma , PhD , the Professor of a university , to ask him what happens if a person reaches 100% of their mental activity or IQ .
She 'll end up knowing the answer .
It is a gripping film , starring Scarlett Johanson and Morgan Freeman in quite good acting , that will keep you tense until the last scene and does n't leave you feeling unpasible .
Nowadays , people are using their own cars instead of public transport . This is more obvious in big cities where the price of public transport is more than in smaller cities .
People are getting used to driving their own cars ; it provides more comfort , and is more practical .
You can use it whenever you want , and it 's not necessary to stand in long queues at metro or bus stations .
The government are opposed to investing in public infrastructure , because the benefits are lower every year .
They prefer to invest in public roads and motorways .
The impact of this has huge consequences for climate change . In the future , the global pollution will increase according to the level of cars .
Travelling by car is very bad .
By using public transport we protect the environment .
Pollution is a global problem .
If we travel by car , we generate more pollution than with public transport .
On the other hand , public transport pollutes less than the car but the car is very comfortable and not be hour hard .
With a car , I feel more free as I do n't depend on other people to get to the destination .
I believe that in the future all transport will be public transport or , at least , mass transport .
The current system is not sustainable .
Recently , I saw the trailer of a film about vampires .
The film is called ' The Vampire Diaries ' .
It is about two men and one woman .
The girl is 18 years old and the men ( as it later turns out ) are vampires and they are over 100 years old .
One of vampires decides to return to high school .
There he meets a girl .
He falls in love with her .
They are together .
Then there is the older brother of the boy ( vampire ) and he also falls in love with her .
All the action takes place in Mystic Falls .
I like this trailer and I think that the film would be cool .
Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately .
He had to buy a present for his girlfriend 's birthday but it was Sunday and all the stores were closed , so he had to find a solution .
A few hours later , he was walking past a garden , and suddenly , he saw the most beautiful flowers that he had ever seen , so he picked them up .
However , flowers were n't enough , so he decided to think of something else .
Several hours later , he found an open sweet shop and he bought some bonbons for her .
Finally , he had found the present and before the end of the day he ran quickly to his girlfriend 's house .
If you do n't want to experience this situation , you must always do things on time .
I think public transport is better for the environment because going by public transport reduces the CO2 emissions and removes traffic from the streets .
Reducing the rush hours in the main hours causes a CO2 reduction in the air .
It is a true statement about cars . Travelling by car is so much more convenient and the new technologies apply to the
People should eat less fast food and do regular exercise to maintain a healthy lifestyle .
People tend to pick the junk foods as they do not get enough time for cooking at home .
Many of us do not get enough time in the morning to prepare our lunch for the office .
Easy availability also tempts us to fast foods .
University education is good for students but they also need to learn industry - specific skills .
Students , for example learn many theories , which may not be required in their place of work .
New skills like analytics and data management are in demand .
In my opinion , what is expected is a new role for teachers and not their disappearance from classrooms .
At university level , the availability of IT training , software and manuals provides an ever accessible source of information that otherwise would not be to hand .
For example , India has a high rate of unemployment , hunger , poverty which leads to an immense embarrassment about being Indian .
Nowadays , the internet represents the whole of the knowledge that people have collected over the centuries .
So it provides a lot of interesting information , one example of which is about how different machines work , which can be found at www.howstuffworks.com .
Also , the ' internet ' nowadays helps to get information from all over the world , and if you wish to get involved , then go to www.bbc.co.uk . These sites are a free way to find the most relevant information about current events , both in society and technology .
One day I decided to buy a newspaper .
When I arrived at home , I started to read the newspaper , so I found out from there that The International Student Magazine have organized a short story competition , and I decided to call Michael to tell him about this contest .
Michael told me he knew about this contest and at that moment he wanted to call me to ask if I was able to come with him to that contest .
After I decided to go with him to the contest , I was thinking about going to that contest next year to participate in and win that contest , so this year I was wondering what the program was like .
When we arrived there , the emotions started to appear so definitely it was time to drink a hot coffee , before the contest started .
I was wondering if Michael passed that exam .
I was waiting for Michael less then an hour , so I started to have a lot of emotions .
After Michael opened the door to the classroom , I saw in his eyes something strange .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
The doorbell rang .
When I opened the door , imagine my surprise at what I saw .
It was awesome !
One Direction was in front of my door !
I could n't believe my eyes ...
It was weird that Niall was missing .
Then , I asked them why he was n't with them and they told me : " We are on our tour in America and were singing at our concert in New York City .
When we came back to our dressing room , " Golem " was waiting for us .
" Golem " , as we all know , are magical creatures made from mud and having black rocks for eyes which can be brought to life by an incantation .
So , we were trying to save time until we managed to escape , but Niall did n't manage to escape , as they caught him when he stumbled and fell down .
Now , " Golem " are holding him hostage in their cave , which is hidden somewhere in Los Angeles . "
I looked at them , trying to think of something to do and then I said : " Come on boys , WE are going to SAVE Niall ! ! ! ! "
We took all we needed and started the search for Niall ... We went to all the caves in Los Angeles , but we could n't find them .
One night , while we were sleeping in our car , by mistake the car started to move and we woke up in a huge cave outside of Los Angeles .
I could n't believe my eyes , we had found Niall .
Then , we got out of our car and saved Niall , then we fought with " Golem " and came back home .
These days , an increasing number of people try to travel by car for convenience .
In my opinion , public transport will still exist in society .
There are three main reasons for supporting my idea .
Firstly , for long - distance journeys , the car is not as convenient as airplanes ,
for example . If you go to another city by car , you may spend more than two days on the journey .
In contrast , travelling by airplane just takes you two hours , and you can get to your destination .
The time spent on taking a plane is lower than taking a car .
Secondly , owning a car is not a normal thing for most developing or undeveloped countries .
The cost of buying a car and fuel is expensive for poor people .
Thus , it is important to use public transport , because it is much cheaper than a private car , and everyone can consume .
Thirdly , global warming is a serious problem for humans who live on the earth .
Air pollution is the main cause of global warming .
The great number of people using private cars leads to higher levels of air pollution , and public transport is one of the best solutions for decreasing air pollution .
To sum up , there are numerous benefits to using public transport , and it will not disappear .
Nowadays , public transportation is available almost all around the planet . We can admit that the transport revolution has been plave in the last century , but due to globalization and technological development , the transport sector is always in continuous transformation .
On the other hand we must mention how the plane sector has been growing . Currently it is the most common mode of transport for going away and that also means that shipping manufacture has decreased deeply , in order to let the plane market boom .
Talking about local transport , we have a lot of choices like cars , motorbikes , buses , trains , but also , as we were saying , planes .
According to the information donne , the most used mode of transport is the car as most families have one , but public transportation is getting more and more common for those who want to preserve the planet and develop other alternatives more respectful of the planet .
As we were saying , the new ecological movement is increasingly more powerful and charismatic . Due to that , bikes are also increasing their role in the new age . They are also linked to the new fashion of being a hipster .
In conclusion , we are seeing a new tend in transport . Increasingly , they are faster and more developed , with the latest technology included , but in contrast , we find also a contradiction , as we found another trend for traditional transport which avoids pollution in order to respect the Earth .
I agree that commuting by car is easier and faster than most public transportation . However , there are serious problems that come from it . The number of vehicles on the roads keeps increasing and causes congestion and pollution , which are far more severe than the inconvenience caused by public transportation .
Thus , I think the future of public transportation will be more prosperous .
Dear Jo
Many thanks for your message .
When you can , call me .
Then , if you want , we could go to the restaurant in the city .
Later , if you want , we could find a job for three months . In my opinion , a good job for three months could be as a waiter , because waiters get a lot of money in the three months of the summer .
Also , I believe that lifeguard could be a good job , because , in summer , the people go to the beach and they need lifeguards .
If I were you , I would choose to be a lifeguard , because lifeguards earn more money than waiters .
If you want , we could go to the capital city of my country . We will go by car because a car is cheaper than the bus or train . We could eat in the famous restaurants of the city or we could go to the cinema . Also , if you want , we could visit the medieval wall .
I am looking forward to seeing you .
Best wishes
Toni
Mobile phones are the most important thing in our daily lives . They are the most effective method for instantaneous communication .
However , the extensive use of mobiles creates lot of problems .
This essay evaluates whether the demerits outweigh the merits .
To begin with , nowadays people are addicted to mobiles . For example , young people waste their valuable time on mobiles .
Moreover , their concentration is reduced .
Another serious problem is people are creating relationships with unknown people , and this can lead to several issues including crimes .
To sum up , let people be aware of the drawbacks of phones and use them wisely .
Uncertain future for Public Transport
Public transport is generally the transport system provided by the government for the general populace .
This transport includes buses , trains & boats etc .
People of all classes can use these .
This facility helps the general populace to save money , because usually this transport is the least costly .
My favourite kind of sport is horse riding .
The first time I rode on the horse , I was 14 , and since that time , I enjoy it very much .
When I ride a horse , I feel much better and forget all of my problems .
Riding a horse gives me a sense of freedom .
I think that the horse is a kind and clever animal .
If you want to start to ride a horse , the main thing that you should know is " do n't be afraid of horses ! "
They feel your fear .
Alcoholism is a disease that affects many people in the world today .
I think it is an important illness because it affects the family of alcoholic people .
Moreover , alcoholics should go to the doctor in order to get well .
In conclusion , alcoholism is a serious problem for all of society .
I 'm a big fan of science fiction movies . Although this kind of movie is actually sometimes a little bad , in the last weeks a new one has been released , and I was totally surprised by this one .
Interstellar is a new Christopher Nolan movie which has the participation of some Hollywood stars , such as Matthew McConaughey , Anne Hathaway and Matt Damon .
Public transport has a big role in transportation especially in large cities like the capital city of countries . Using a car sometimes causes traffic jams if everyone uses their own car . To avoid this , a good road network is needed . Also , the cost of public transportation is lower than private transportation .
On the other hand , public transportation takes more time to get to the required destination , because public transport takes a long route to get to more places and as more people take advantage of it , public transport is usually crowded and is not on time .
For that reason , using your own car is more convenient than public transport . You can travel whenever you like and wherever you want .
Finally , in the near future , most people will be using their own cars , because it saves a lot of time as compared with public transport and the time factor will be more important in the future .
On school days , I get up at 5 a.m. and go jogging in my neighbourhood for 15 minutes .
Then I take a shower , have breakfast with my family members .
Everyone is in a hurry .
I leave home at 7:30 to take a school bus .
After school , I keep running on a track to be an athlete in a school sports team .
In the rainy season , it is boring to do practice as nobody is on the field .
I come back home at sunset .
Sometimes , I am exhausted due to a hard workout .
However , I ca n't go to bed early because I have to do my homework for tomorrow 's school .
My favourite day is Saturday because I do not need to work or study , so I can go out with my friends , and on Sunday I can wake up very late .
Write soon ,
Dyogo
My favorite sport is basketball .
It is an amazing sport .
When I jump to throw the ball in the basket , I feel like I am flying .
When I run with the ball , I feel like I am holding a goal or a valuable object and I should offer my best to put it in its place and do it in the right way .
I know that I am not a professional player and I do n't belong to any team , but I like this game . Basketball is so simple play but it needs speed , concentration and the ability to determine distances . It consists of two teams of five players and each team tries to get a point by throwing the ball through the basket .
What I like most about this game is that the smallest number of players can play it , even two players . I recommend everyone to try it , especially with their friends or family .
In this episode of my life I will to talk to you about my daily routine .
I wake up early , like 7 am . At that moment , I go out to the backyard to turn on the boiler , then I go to kitchen .
Nowadays , people live in a very modern and fast society and try to have as convenient a life as it is possible .
One of the many possibilities for making our lives more convenient is to use cars rather than public transport .
Firstly , I would like to mention public transport types .
The most common are bus and train , but in the cities , people can use trams , subways or boats , and for a long distance , they can take a flight .
From my point of view , the main disadvantages of public transport , which make our lives uncomfortable , are time and place limitations , sharing the space with others , lack of free seats .
On the other hand , people should think about the environment , pollution , global warming , which are all currently warning .
We should think of a better future and try to be environmentally friendly - try to avoid the huge amount of pollution which is caused by cars and not think only of our comfort .
On my birthday 's day , I directed go to school this morning . I wonder whether my birthday passed it at lunch time .
At that point , someone invited sing to me , after school , they and I went to dinner and went to sing .
At KTV , they touched me because there were a lot of people who had planned a birthday party for me .
After I finished I went home , because I was so tired that I fell asleep and fell down .
The next day , I was reluctant to get up and go to class .
Suddenly , I thought my gift was gone . The students said they did n't take it , but I doubted them , so we quarrelled .
I got home from school , only to find a gift on the sofa .
I offered an apology out of harm students , but fortunately they did n't get angry with me .
It is easy to make a boiled egg .
There are four steps to boiling an egg and some tips to make it delicious .
Here is the recipe : First , get some equipment , like a pan , water , one or more eggs , and , of course , a stove .
Second , put the hot water and eggs into the pan .
Third , let them boil on the stove for ten minutes .
Fourth , take the eggs out and let them cool for about five minutes .
Finally , to make it delicious there are some tips : if you like , you can put a little salt and pepper on it .
That is how to boil an egg .
Hi Peter !
Personally , I agree with your parents .
I think you should save money for the future , because you may have to buy something important with your own money .
In my opinion , there are more important things than computer games , so spending money on them is like wasting money .
In the future , you 'll have to pay a lot of money for university , a new home and so on , and I think you should start saving money . I should do it too , but it 's not easy , actually .
Everything seems so beautiful in the shops !
Silvia .
Actually , where I live , the public transport is highly used . It seems that in the near future it wo n't disappear .
In fact , in some overdeveloped countries maybe it will disappear , because I suppose travelling by car is much cheaper and faster .
But , that future is very far from our current situation .
Collecting books is my favourite pastime .
I started my hobby when I was a child .
The first item in my collection was an ABC book .
And now , I have a lot of books of all kinds : biology , chemistry , novels , dictionaries , etc .
Now I have about 100 and will have more in future , I hope .
Whenever I find an interesting book , I buy it immediately .
Sometimes , my family and my friends give me books as gifts .
I classify them into different categories : manual , cookbook , biography , etc .
It takes all my spare time to clean and dust .
It keeps me amused for hours , too .
This is the first text I would like to write on this website . I think it is a good idea to contribute to English language research and improve my skills at the same time .
As this is my first time , I would like to find out how exactly the system works , so I chose to write this random text rather than those serious topics available .
Public transport is more convenient than cars in many ways . When we use public transport that benefits in many ways .
Maintaining cars is expensive .
With public transport you do not need to worry about filling up with petrol , checking tyre pressures , getting tired after driving a long way .
In the future , cutting public transport will affect many people .
Elderly people are n't able to drive and always depend on public transport .
If public transport services stop , people who are not able to drive will be affected a lot .
Travelling by car is convenient but there are disadvantage as well .
As our population is growing fast , in a family both husband and wife are working and children at university are able to drive , so you are looking at at least 3 cars per household , so imagine how busy our roads will be .
As fuel prices are now coming down , that does not mean that it will stay like that for ever ; prices go up and down .
In summary , public transport is important for our community and people have to raise their concerns regarding this .
Stopping public transport is not going to gain anything , and the impact will be unpredictable .
Due to increased traffic may cause delays in arranged journeys , increase the number of accidents ... etc .
I think sport is good exercise for people who need to exercise . I have a suggestion for people that want to have good health : choose an interesting sport and try to play it , let it be a regular thing , it will be fun and healthy for your physical constitution .
It was 8:00 o'clock in the morning .
Michael had just realized that he had n't heard the alarm clock , so he got in a panic immediately : - I ca n't arrive late for work .
He thought .
He jumped out of bed and had a quick shower . There was no time for breakfast so he decided to buy something to eat near the office .
After the shower , he got his suit , but he had forgotten that he had n't done the ironing the previous day . Moreover , he did n't have any other ironed suits , so he did it quickly .
In spite of that , he was dressed on time .
-Everything is in order , it seems that finally I 'll arrive on time .
Although it was n't true . He had forgotten to unplug the iron .
Michael closed the door and he knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Does basketball have the fame that it deserves ?
Nowadays , basketball is the sport which rules in the USA .
90% of Americans want to be a basketball star , with the dream of playing with Lebron James , Pau Gasol , Marc Gasol ...
According to the results of a questionnaire ( Houston inhabitants ) most of them play basketball to forget homework , problems and to relax in their free time .
Also , they think that the main reason for their preference instead of other sports which is more intense .
However they think that basketball is only a reason to meet all the family , friends ...
Furthermore , they give advice to all those novices at basketball " do n't ever lose the passion " , because if they give up , they wo n't play with the biggest players in the world .
In conclusion , the real objective of the questionnaire consists of what the people think about the king sport of the United States of America .
I 've been jogging for five years .
It is the way I can unwind , because my studies are stressful .
It gives me a sense of achievement . For these reasons , I would like to it do every day .
I love jogging because it 's a way to stay outdoors , immersed in nature .
I think there are no negative sides to jogging .
I have been really into skiing since I was a baby .
My mother made me start .
Since then , every year , I go to northern Italy to practice .
I fell relaxed being alone near mountains and snow .
Hello Oskar ,
There is a good restaurant in my town and I think you will like it .
It is called ' The Rose ' and it is in the city centre opposite the station .
You will see it when you get off the train .
It is a friendly restaurant with a nice menu .
The meals are English cuisine and with some European dishes too .
When I went there last , it was on my birthday and I went there with my family .
I like the people who serve there and the decoration is pretty .
They cook good meals .
You must try it !
If you go there , tell me what you think .
I am sure you will have a fun time .
Greetings ,
Bob
Public transport has advantages and disadvantages . i will start with the disadvantages .
First , public transport is neither comfortable nor safe .
Public transport is very crowded , so you may not have a seat . I hate public transport because I was attacked by a madman once . also taxi is not a good mode of transport . I hope I have my own car soon to avoid public transport . Travelling in your car makes it easier and better .
The advantages might include that it has a low price and might rescue you if your car is not working .
I am writing with regard to your outsourcing service because I am currently having a problem with my accounted . For this reason , I am looking for a new service that can help me .
Can you say now , if you have this service ?
If you do have this service , maybe you are the people that I am looking for .
I would appreciate it if I could arrange an appointment with you to find out about your service .
Please , feel free to contact me if you have any questions .
Best regards .
Rodrigo Andrade S.
I 'm a really sporty person . I love different sports . I think that it 's something that is great for your body and your metabolism , Did you know that doing exercise can reduce depression and increase the quality of your life ?
I think one of my favorite sports of all is athletics . I love it because it is a sport where you prove yourself , you have to be better every day than you were yesterday . It forces you to improve every time . Also , it is an exercise that helps your whole body , especially the legs , because it gives them great strength , but also your hands , because they have to be in constant movement , and all the body in general , because you run and your metabolism is accommodated and helps you to have coordination .
I enjoy running a lot because it relaxes me . I let out all my worries and frustrations , so it makes me happy .
I recommend all people who want to run , if you do n't feel like you 're improving , keep going anyway and with time you will see results .
I am not sure that mine is the best family in the world , but I am pretty sure that I have the best parents I could ever have wished for .
There is my mother , my father , my two brothers and me .
I am the eldest of the children , then after me is my brother Sidi .
Sidi is 24 years old . And last is Joni , who is only 15 years old .
Generally , I miss them all because I live in a distant city away from where my family lives now .
I used to live with them for 25 years in Genoa , but last year I left home because I found a job in Milan , which is the city where I actually live now .
Thank you for your attention .
This is an introduction to how to make bank notes .
The first two step is to design them with background color artwork and security features and prepare metal plates using skilled machinists .
Then there are some requirements for printing sheets : color on both sides , special ink and images slightly raised .
The most essential and key process is manual inspection of printed sheets with three categories : good quality sheets , partially damaged sheets and bad sheets .
The acceptable and not damaged severely sheets are supposed to be packaged and distributed , which means they will be cut into separate bank notes , packed and then dispatched .
In contrast , other failed sheets will be destroyed and disposed of with band notes in a secure way .
Once upon a time , a boy was six years old .
His name was Michael .
Michael lived in a big house in Denton , Texas .
He had a lot of animals : two dogs and three puppies , four horses , eight ducks and one cat , Lionel .
Lionel was a black and white cat , and he was a very funny , fast and sweet animal .
It was Michael 's favourite .
Lionel was Michael 's best friend .
When Lionel was around , Michael , the boy , was happy .
One day , Michael got up late , and he had to go to school at seven o'clock .
It was six o'clock and he had to hurry if he did not want to get to school late .
Michael had breakfast and he forgot to prepare milk for Lionel .
Michael was out all day , and Lionel did n't have anything to eat ....
Michel closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
When I was a little girl I used to play volleyball and I really liked that .
One day , I had a surprise . I met a teacher and he invited me to train in a huge gym in a team .
I started to think that I was born for that sport .
I worked so hard , but really enjoyed playing .
Suddenly something happened . I needed to work to play my studies in high school , so life changes anyway . I needed to stop my favourite sport , because I needed to study at that time . It was more important to me .
Today I do not play volleyball anymore , but I really enjoy dancing . Now I can say that it is my favourite , it is all of .
The line graph shows the U.S. cigarette price in dollars related to cigarette consumption in billions of packs from 1970 to 2006 .
The hugest gap is in 1981 , when the cheapest price was combined with the highest expenditure on cigarette packs in the whole interval .
In approximately 1998 we can notice an equilibrium price at $ 2.75 and an equilibrium quantity at 23 billion packs .
Later , both lines changed their regular trends so there is a huge imbalance again .
My English is great and speaking is my favourite part of learning English .
Captain at sports is what I did in high school .
I am very pleased to help organise sports activities .
The world is progressing rapidly . Day by day there are new modes of transportation , there is new technology .
From the beginning of the world till now , mankind has wanted a fast income and an easy way of life , so he tries more and more to find a solution to his problems by creating new ways of living more easily and more conveniently for him .
So , transportation is one of the most important issues facing mankind , because it is related to interaction between people , like trade and many other purposes .
From this point every human has the ability to buy a car and also buy his rest , he will not hesitate to do it .
It is claimed that our lives will improve in the next fifty years .
But we do n't know if this change will be good or bad . I hope it will be good , but let 's talk about it .
Firstly , I 'd like to talk about jobs . I think that these are the most important thing to worry about . If our studies get better , we will create more jobs and as a result the economic situation of the country will be better .
Moreover , our capacity for learning more languages seems to be really adequate . Unfortunately , while there are a lot of teenagers that are working really hard , there are others that are all the opposite .
I think it is probable that in some years the technology could have improved quite a lot , and this is a very powerful advantage for us , the young people .
Because we were born in ' the internet generation ' as everyone says , so this aspect might be helpful for us .
In conclusion , I 've got to say that now we do n't have to worry about the future , we just have to carry on in the present and do the best we can .
Hi Alex ! How are you ? I heard that you are going out with Mike !
That 's fantastic news !
Anyway , I was wondering if you wanted to go to the cinema with me to see the new Leonardo Dicaprio s movie , because I heard that action movies are your favourite .
My favourite kind of movie is horror , actually my favourite movie is " The orphan " .
It is about a little girl who was adopted but she is 35 years old in reality .
It is very creepy !
Anyway , I hope that you come with me to the cinema .
See you soon .
Bye
Nowadays the public transport system is running out of passengers due to heavy use of personal transport such as cars and bikes . In the early 1990s , the public transport systems were the most popular transport system across the world because , most people did not have their own vehicles . But in the late 1990s , most people were able to buy their own vehicle thanks to many financial institutions which have various loan facilities .
Today , many people use their own vehicle instead of public transport . The other thing is , it is an easy and convenient way to travel to work and any other personal work . , therefore , it can be seen that the demand for public transport is getting lower and lower .
In conclusion , it is true that the demand from the public is going down rapidly as they have their own vehicles .
However , even though everybody has their own vehicles , they will have to use public transport because the roads are full of vehicles .
I have seen the following announcement in International Sport Monthly magazine .
My favourite sport is football , and I enjoy it because I love football players .
I had the opportunity to meet more about this sport .
I would advise you to the person starting the sport endeavor and can fulfill their dream . Many ca n't get what they accomplished . Those players are very famous today .
You can learn with your referee and with a coach .
Some people prefer playing together , but there are also competitions between players .
People 's lives will change dramatically in the next 50 years .
I think that this class discussion ca n't be true .
In the future , people 's live will be better .
Providing that we care about the environment .
It 's really important .
If we live well , we will be more careful with the world .
Otherwise everybody wants a better future .
Nowadays , there are a lot of things that we do to make life easier .
If I were you , I would live well in the next 50 years .
I 'm looking forward to people having more interest in this case .
For instance , my family do n't think that will happen in the next 10 years .
They live in the moment .
Besides , they say all the time : ' Carpe diem ' .
This is another opinion .
I 'm Emad from Egypt .
My family consists of 5 members - my father , my mother and two brothers .
My father is a businessman .
He is 65 years old .
He works in real state investment .
My mother is a teacher .
She is 50 years old .
She works in a primary school .
My older brother is 30 years old and he is working as an accountant for a radio and television union in Cairo .
The younger brother is 25 years old .
He is a dentist .
He is doing a Master 's in Turkey at the moment .
The last member is me . I 'm an aeronautical engineer in Qatar .
I love my family , but everybody is staying or living in a different place or country .
The best brother for me is the second one , who is a dentist .
He is my best friend and brother .
I hope I can live with him in the same place .
He is very helpful and collaborator .
We had a fun time at the beginning of our lives , when we were kids .
I really love my mother and father .
They spent their lives helping us to be good men .
My older brother helped us with studying , but he is older than me by 10 years , so the relationship between us is n't close .
Anyway , I 'm very happy to write for you .
This assertion is totally false .
The expansion of public transport is one of the keys to saving the planet , especially if the energy source used comes from clean sources .
Nowadays , the use of vehicles powered by gasoline and diesel is the main cause of air pollution in big cities around the world . Research shows that private cars are used , most often carrying a small number of people at a time , which makes it very inefficient considering the quantity of carbon dioxide and other toxic substances emitted into the environment each time the engine is started .
A lady decided to visit her boyfriend .
But her boyfriend lived upstate and did n't have an airport he 's of city Because of that , she needed to travel by train .
She just packed a suitcase . After that , she went to the train station .
I think that the increase in teenage crime is because their parents do not set limits on them , and do not pay attention , so they make all kinds of serious mistakes .
From my point of view , the best thing the police can do with these people is send them to a reformatory until they can leave disciplined .
Another good option is to give them a difficult job to keep them busy every day . But I do n't know what kind of job it could be , because a person who commits a crime is n't going to do something to help society , like community service .
I felt nervous when the phone rang .
I was sitting calmly in a cafe , when I heard it ringing .
At first , I thought
it could be one of my best friends as we really liked to have lunch together .
But I saw an unknown phone number on the display and felt a little bit nervous .
What if it was my boss or clients and possibly something dreadful had happened at my work ?
It went on ringing and , with great fear , I clicked on the green button .
Luckily , it was my colleague Jane , who wanted to drink a cup of fresh coffee with me .
The flowchart provides an overview of the steps for making bank notes . It shows how bank notes are manufactured from design to a thing we can use .
This process involves five main stages .
First , should take some considerations in design , including background colour , artwork , security issues .
Next , skilled machinists is prepared , in which there are metal plates .
Then the printer will print some sheets into bank notes ( 50 bank notes per sheet ) . Subsequently , the technical must be used specially for distinction , for example , the colour printed on both sides , special ink is used and images are slightly raised .
After this , printed sheets will be inspected carefully .
Depending on the quality of sheets , there will be two results . If the quality is good or the bank note is partially damaged but can be used , it will be cut into separate bank notes , then it is packed and dispatched , while any bad sheets will be securely destroyed .
This is Iqra . I am from Karachi , Pakistan .
My height is about 5.2 , my hair color is dark brown , my eye colour is black and I will be wearing jeans and a long shirt . I will be arriving at 20 past 3 .
Describe a supermarket near your home
There are no very big supermarkets near my home , but there is a nice one .
It is situated on the main road opposite my home .
The space is about 100 m^2 and it has automatic doors for entry and exit .
Near to the entry , someone welcomes customers and answers their questions .
There are some big shelves in the center of the supermarket that are divided into different parts for different kinds of goods , like dried fruit , nuts , flour , condiments , beans , grains , rice , etc .
Also , a section for detergents , tissues , perfumes , etc .
You can see some store fridges around the supermarket for drinks and dairy products like milk , yogurt , cheese , butter and cream . Also , chest freezers for ice creams . In one corner , they sell cosmetics and a salesperson helps customers to find what they need .
There is a cashier next to the exit and you can pay by credit card or cash .
When you talk with someone , do you ever think about your words before you say them ?
A lot of us never think before we speak and that is not good .
You must think a little bit before you speak as one word can cause a lot of pain for others for the rest of their lives . you may not actually notice that , but you will feel what I really mean if someone says to you painful words .
It is clear that everyone is prone to making a mistake without even noticing .
For example , a kid named Michael .
Michael is a good boy and he always listens to his mother . on time , Michael was very angry because he got a bad score in his test . when he got home , his mother was cooking and she asked him what was wrong .
He said bad words that he would regret saying . he went to his room . Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Dear friend ,
It was great to hear from you again .
In your last email you told me about your lack of time for enjoying your hobbies .
I can understand how difficult this decision must be .
However , if I were you , I would do what I have always wanted .
And I know which subject you 've always been interested in : music .
I remember when you told me once you were playing a violin for four hours .
So , a good idea would be to keep yourself doing creative things .
Anyway , you could always do some sport in your extra - free time .
As it 's often said : a good body makes a good mind .
I 'm looking forward to hearing from you again .
Tell me what you decide .
Love ,
Anabel
I do n't like public transport .
It is slow , inefficient and dangerous .
I prefer travelling in a car or by motorbike . I feel safe .
In my family , we travel in a taxi , because a taxi is fast and secure .
Today I felt bad in public transport .
It was slow .
Also , I can see the air pollution is tallest .
Comparing cars and buses , the car is more expensive than the bus , because the car is comfortable and faster .
The taxi is too .
In the morning , I go to school by bus with my brothers , but they get up earliest .
I prefer travelling in the car .
Once upon a time , there was a little man called Michael . That man had the heart of a little child and the courage of a big man .
He had a girlfriend called Sinha , who was a girl with a big heart but , unfortunately , a broken one .
One day , Michael decided to throw a surprise party for Sinha to make her happy and make her feel his love more , so he arranged everything and , to keep it a surprise for her , he was busy all the time and did not show off all week as usual . That made Sinha worried and she suspected that Michael did not love her any more and had met another girl , and she became extremely sad , and it got even worse when Michael asked her to go to his apartment to give her the surprise but he did not answer his phone after that .
When he came she started crying and thought he would break up with her and she did not give him a chance to talk or explain anything . She started to cry louder and accused him of cheating . That made Michael astonished at how she did not trust in him , how she thought that about him , and he told her that he could not stand that anymore , he would break up with her , and he left . Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
There 's no question which is my favourite restaurant in town : The Seaside . I will tell you why and also why it 's so appropriate for us , as a class , to have our last farewell dinner there .
Our class has changed over the years , with great classmates leaving and coming . We have always been welcoming , and not least towards the new ones .
It 's not necessary to be nice and kind to everyone , but our class actually is . At the weekends , the whole class gather together at different events .
I think the welcoming process in the beginning is crucial for this fellowship we have today and probably in 10 years too .
What I just said is what the restaurant , Seaside , means to me . Welcoming .
Fellowship .
At the Seaside , you are genuinely welcomed at the first doorstep , they accept you whoever you are .
This makes the
It all started at the Parson Institute in the art history class . Students of the race of Fine Arts . In the class the teacher in charge , Jimena , assigned a task to his students , saying :
-To begin this course , I want to be sure you know the meaning of art , so I want it translated into a sculpture or painting made by yourselves , without any specific technique , only your imagination , and with this you will explain to me what art is .
His excited students began going to their homes with this work , since they had only 4 days to fulfil their task .
After 4 days , they all came with spectacular pictures , portraits of people , large sculptures , apart from one student . Her name was Sandra . She arrived with a piece of crumpled paper , on which she had only written a name in a different style of letter , only there reflected , exposing the moment everyone laughed at her for her work , but the teacher said :
Art is complex , and seeing that everyone laughed at the work of his classmate , I can see that nobody understood the real meaning , since art is different for each person , each creates a different definition , so we must respect each person and understand that each person is a different world and everyone is art .
A student that really moved him , and reflect so apologetic , and went out of the room , closing the door , and Michael knew then that he had made a mistake .
In fact , this topic is very important in our modern times .
My favorite sport affects me greatly . I 'm a kung - fu fighter .
This sport is my favorite , but sometimes I think about leaving this sport , because lately , I hate blood , so I think a lot about leaving this sport , but it is dominated to me .
It makes me like an animal when i 'm standing and getting ready to fight . I 'm converted into the enemy . I 'm a fucking ghost and I can kill anyone who tries to stop me .
So , I 'm really thinking about leaving this sport .
Everyday I get up early and exercise in the garden with my friends . I exercise more and more to improve myself and become the best fighter in the world . I 'm a champion of my sport , so , I seek to put all my efforts into being the best in the world . Finally I did not have the encouragement of my family or my teachers .
Hello to everybody ! !
Now I 'm going to talk about the benefits of learning another language .
I am from Spain , so my native language is Spanish .
I started to study another language when I was a child . I started learning English , because everyone said that English was the language of the future . When I finished school , I tried to study French but it was too difficult for me .
I have to say that studying another language gives you more opportunities , because these days you need to know other languages to find a job and be more intelligent than your colleagues to get the work and that 's great .
And today it is necessary , because if you want to travel around the world and meet people and have conversations with them , you need to know more than your native language , because in the rest of the world , and particularly in Europe , people know more than two languages and that 's great .
I think learning another language never has drawbacks , because all you learn is good for you and your brain . You never stop learning new things .
These days , most people feel comfortable travelling by car and so they believe that public transport is not going to continue for long .
However , I do not agree with them , because in most parts of the world mass transport systems are still popular and they are environmentally friendly and cost - efficient .
Firstly , public bus services are very popular in most parts of the world .
In most parts of Europe , people still prefer public buses instead of cars for travelling .
Secondly , public transport is environmentally sound in comparison to private vehicles .
It carries more people , while a private vehicle carries fewer people .
Public buses prevent more cars from polluting the environment .
Finally , public transport is cost - efficient .
People need to spend more money on fuel if they want to travel to the same destination by private vehicle .
In conclusion , although the car is convenient for travelling , it is not enough to being an end to public transportation .
In the towns of the future , care for the environment will be one of the most important things .
People have conciencied themselves that they need to respect nature and the places where we live .
Human beings have destroyed our environment over time , and now the earth is in danger .
The first place we need to care about is our near place , the town .
I like to take out the trash every night and I try to recycle my trash , throwing it away in different bags .
I have recently bought an electric car as a substitute for my traditional car .
An electric car is less harmful to the environment .
When I go out to the countryside , if I lunch there , I take care to clean the ground .
I like neither dirty people nor dirty places .
In the future , I hope to live in a clean town and I 'm sure that most people are now thinking this way . We need to take care of our town because nobody likes to live in a dump .
Military service is military training which means people have to join the army or voluntary service for a period of time .
In Korea , people have to do military service for at least 2 years .
Similarly , people have to do it for 1 year in Taiwan .
There is debate about whether everyone should have to do military service when they reach 18 years old .
With supporters maintaining that it is important for national security and makes people mature , whilst opponents claim that military service has effects on people 's studies and people should have freedom of choice .
Firstly , every country requires stability and must be protected by strong armed forces for national security .
If a war or other danger threatens the safety of a country they can not get help from other countries immediately .
Therefore , people accept that military service could be an easier way to protect their country .
In particular , some countries with small populations have a policy that people need to do military service to develop into a powerful country .
Secondly , it is important for people to become mature when they complete military service , which probably is a particular experience at 18 years old .
In addition to having hard physical training and getting different special skills , people also can improve their personal qualities through military service .
Consequently , people could be more independent and strong . They seem to become mature earlier than other people who do not do military service .
In contrast , opponents of military service point out that education is the first vital thing for people who reach 18 years old .
Military service mainly improves physical fitness , but education might be completed better in school at that age because it has a professional teacher team and a good study atmosphere , people usually find it easier to concentrate on learning knowledge .
For instance , some countries allow people to do military service after all their courses have finished .
Additionally , critics argue that countries are able to allow people to have freedom of choice about military service .
Some people are unwilling to do military service , while some people volunteer for military service and possibly enjoy it .
Furthermore , it also can respect rights of people , especially women who are not able to adapt to the hard training .
In conclusion , it can be concluded that military service is necessary for national security and good for people to improve themselves .
The best course of action would be for government to attempt to allow people to volunteer for it when they have completed their studies .
Dear
Lou
This is Danbi from ueecx13 .
By your favor , I can study at UNSW from next year .
I really appreciate your encouraging us every time in class .
Best wishes for a wonderful holiday season and a very happy new year .
I live in a small city in the middle of Vietnam .
This city does n't have a lot of citizens but it 's a tourist city .
So in the streets we always have a lot of trash cans .
It will help people not throw the garbage in the street .
In our city , we have a billboard to urge people to pay attention to the environment .
In the schools , we set up a workshop to tell students how important the environment is to our lives .
The citizens of the city want to build the city with the slogan " The city is green - clean - beautiful " .
So they are aware of the need to help the city achieve that .
So everyone brings the trash to the place permission .
Every year we have " earth hour " .
In this hour , many people turn off the lights in their house to save energy and protect the environment .
I am very proud of the awareness of my city 's people .
I wish a lot of people around the world could see the importance of the environment .
And they have to act to protect it .
I was in a museum in New York looking at all the beautiful paintings and sculptures , when I heared the museum alarm . Everyone was afraid , including me .
The police were chasing a thief that stole a painting , but he escaped instantly .
The police let all the people go .
I went to my apartment and turned on my TV and I saw on the news that the bandit had escaped with 3 paintings .
I decided to solve the case .
I went to the museum and followed all the clues and I found a broken sculpture .
I search for any clues and I found something . It was a piece of paper with an address on it .
I went to the address and when I got there it appeared to be an abandoned house .
I decided to wait and hide in the bushes if I saw someone entering .
In the night , I saw a shadow entering the house .
I carefully approached the window of the house and I saw two men with the paintings .
They left the house in a truck .
I followed them in a taxi .
We were at the terminal of New York . It was a very famous landmark .
There were a lot of commuters on the terminal so I lost the two men .
I located them instantly because I recognized their hats .
I was focal to them .
They threatened all the people cruelly , so all the sightseers were angry with them .
However , the layout of the terminal was unknown to me , so I was completely lost .
We got on a train . The ceiling was comfortable but everyone was complaining about the two men .
When we arrived , we were on the other side of the city of New York . The features were so common because it was a good economic and conveniently because it would attract more tourists .
I finally trapped them . Their names were Lucius Fowley and Bob Parker . I told the police and the police put them in jail .
And the paintings are in the museum again .
Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately .
Today is a very important day for his future .
The watch showed the time was 9.30am and there were 2 hours left before he must go to the place that made his heartbeat so fast .
He had an interview to get a scholarship so that he could pursue his dream of studying medicine in Ireland .
He went to the bus station to catch the bus .
He took a few minutes walking to the bus station from his house .
After the bus arrived , he got on and half an hour later he arrived at the destination .
When he took a few steps from the bus he saw the very tall building where the interview place was located .
After waiting for an hour , the time came and , bravely , with a high confidence level , he walked into the office .
Suddenly , his water floaded and tears dropped from his eyes .
The interviewer who was sitting in front of him was a person with blue eyes that he really loved .
The situation suddenly changed .
Peter , without hesitating , hugged the interviewer , who was a man about 40 years old .
The man , who was crying together with him , was his father who had left Peter and his mom because they had divorced 6 years ago .
Then the interview became a meeting between a father and a son that was really touching .
Kill two birds with one stone is a perfect idiom to describe Peter 's situation , because he got his beloved father back and can still pursue his dream of studying in Ireland .
Hello ,
I want the job at the summer camp . I will look after children between 8 - 12 years old . I will help to organise sports and evening activities and , if you want , I could work in the kitchen .
if i have the job write soon
Victoria
Hello ! I am beginning to study technical English .
I need this course for my new job .
I want to do this course , because it will help me to enlarge my vocabulary .
And I need your help with this .
Would you like to do this course with me ?
Please , write me a list with the words that I need for technical conversation .
Thank you very much .
Dear Teacher Mary
I am writing to give my opinion of the restaurant " The Crazy Cat " . It is a very good restaurant .
First , the restaurant has a wide variety of food .
The chef can make the menu of the day for dinner or you can choose from a special menu .
The purpose of the chef is soup and creamed corn to start , beef medallion covered bittersweet of carrot sauce with nuts and the dessert is chocolate cake with cheese .
The atmosphere is also very good . It has live music with different bands .
you can choose from two rock or pop bands and one DJ .
The cost is reasonable .
The pack has a cost of $ 350 per person .
Can a TV programme entertain and educate at the same time ?
Nowadays , it is the most important challenge for television .
People complain about how the information in different TV shows does n't contribute to the process of learning . That 's why many of these programmes are considered trash , because of the multiple shows such as reality shows , talk shows , or showbiz that hardly ever have a good message or something interesting for people .
A good example of these shows are how people are paid to act in reality or talk show where they show exaggerated or hilarious family problems , where the only aim is to get a bigger audience .
Another good example are the endless showbiz that have appeared recently . This type of program is one where the information is often gossip about the personal lives of famous singers and actors without taking into account whether they are true or not .
It 's a pity to know that only a few programs exist that try to educate people with the most up - to - date information through documentaries , investigations , cultural or opinion programs , which in my opinion help us to acquire more knowledge .
Knowledge that sometimes is unknown even though it is part of the general culture or proper of the history of our country .
I think in the future public transport wo n't exist because we will drive our own car .
When you drive your own transport , a car for example , you go to and from a specific place , but on a bus , you go to the bus stop and not to your house or school , work ...
It is better for the people to be more comfortable because you drive and not the other person . I know some people , drivers , began haven't got work , but the public transport is free and is free because it is the government who pay . This money bacame do to make more work for others .
Not everything is good . Some people haven't got money and ca n't go to another place and the pollution is increasing . It is a serious problem and the solution is only for rich people . The solution is buying an electric car . The other solution , more economical , is for the government to give money to the people to buy an electric car .
I do n't know what is better ; no public transport , or public transport .
There is no future for public transport , since everybody prefers to use their own car .
Time is valuable for everybody and nobody is bothered about money .
The traffic is very heavy nowadays , so it will be difficult to reach your office on time .
Public transport is always crowded , so it is not comfortable to travel on .
Find your joy in " Scary Movie "
I used to ignore thrillers due to my fragile heart , but my mind is changed now after watching this film .
The film is entitled " Scary Movie " and was directed by Keenen Ivory Wayans .
This story is about a murderer who completes his mission : killed everyone that he hated .
In the end , only one person could be alive , even though those sacrificed tried to escape this horrible result .
This is a story of horror and comedy combined .
I can not find a word to describe this film easily . What can I say is you will regret it if you miss this film .
The first reason is that all the actors show their talent in this film directly and the audience can follow their steps and the story certainly . This essential element also gives great success to the film .
Besides , the attractive storyline has a lot of climax , so that everyone can watch this film from the beginning to the end and this creates the billion box office to this film .
However , I think the props should be improved , such as the killer 's knife and the actors ' costumes . The knife looks as brittle as a handicraft , and I believe those are second - hand clothes . I think this is a pity in this movie .
Finally , your bravery can be increased after watching this film .
What are you waiting for ? Go and check it out !
Hi everyone , my name is Jaime and I have a wife and a little child .
My wife 's name is Maritza . She is 30 years old . She is a beautiful and joyful woman . My son 's name is Rafi . He is 3 years old . He is a very handsome and fun child .
My wife likes to go out when she is free . She likes to visit touristic places .
My son likes playing sports . He is very little but he plays football . He is a very active child .
I 'm studying medicine . This major is very challenging although stressful , because the self - study is every day and there is a lot of information .
This major involves everything . We always have to consider all the possibilities to complete homework , you have to know the maximum possible information to be able to complete it .
When you get the answer or solution , you can see that all the effort was worthwhile .
Our teachers are doctors and they are in charge of teaching us about teamwork , so it 's common that one / two people do all the work ... with this I want to say , it is rewarding when our teacher asks something and we know the answer because we were able to study the whole topic .
I have experience of going to the hospital and it was very interesting .
I dealt with medicine students who are superior to me , for example , doctors and surgeons .
I could only oversee what they do to obtain visual experience and know what surgery was like .
How to learn English
It 's proven that to learn a foreign language , you have to go abroad .
You can study hard for years , but if you are n't obligated to use English for everyday things , you wo n't become good at it .
There are n't other options .
Of course , studying in a foreign country also has disadvantages .
First , it costs a lot .
Even though there are lots of different possibilities and scholarships , not everybody can afford them .
Living abroad , even for a short time , could be very stressful and people can feel homesick .
Despite that , there are more reasons to study abroad .
It is a very useful experience in many ways .
You will learn better and faster than studying at home .
In addition , visiting new countries and meeting new cultures , helps to open your mind and to foster a lot .
I have done several school trips in the past few years and I 'm going to do it again for sure .
Hi Patty ,
My name is Lucia Pérez .
I am 14 years old .
I live with my brother and my parents in a house in Punta Carretas .
I like going to the cinema to watch movies .
I like travelling with my family and friends . I like travelling because I can get to know new people , places and cultures .
I do n't have a favourite subject , but l like English because we can communicate all over the world .
I love my cousin 's house , so I always visit him .
He is 16 .
He is in 5º. He goes to Clara Jackson High school .
He lives in Prado so I have to take two buses and that is very tiring .
The names of my best friends are Agustina , Emilia and Micaela . We are strange friends . We are in 6º together and that 's when we became friends .
My name is Facundo Mendoza .
I 'm fifteen years old .
I live in La Paz , in a house with my mother and my father .
I have two pets ; a dog and a bird .
I like watching television , playing computer games and swimming .
My favourite types of film are science fiction , animation and historical .
My favourite film is Avatar because the effects are amazing and the sound is very good .
My favourite types of games are adventure , war , historical and horror .
I play online with people from all over the world .
I went to a club for two years and I swam there for two years .
Sometimes I go to the beach and I swim in the sea .
I prefer playing football to playing basketball .
I play basketball at school .
I was born in 1996 on the 31st of January .
Carbohydrates are essential for a healthy diet .
They provide energy for our bodies .
Nutritionists recommend a quarter of a person 's diet should contain carbohydrates .
When your body takes in an insufficient amount of carbohydrates , the protein replaces the lack of carbohydrates to supply the body with energy .
And this will cause diseases in the long run .
Dear reader ,
My name is Andreas Miret and I am 18 years .
I am from Sweden but I have been living in Barcelona since I was young .
Nowadays , I am studying for a degree in economics at the University of Barcelona .
I am applying for the vacancy in the summer camp .
I have some experience working with children aged between 5 and 17 years .
Last year I was working every Friday and Sunday at a ski camp in la Masella .
Also , last summer I went to the United States and I was working in a summer camp .
Now our company is going to do multidimensional operations , not just focus on furniture , but also on home appliances .
In addition , we will adjust the company 's management structure in each department depending on the market 's reaction and the environment .
Like retailer ,
We have sold our products to the KA system for a few years . However , the products that we sold were usually popular consumer goods . It means cheat and we have no entry obstacles for other suppliers .
In addition , it is hard to collect money from the KA system .
And because we have our own factories and professional machines , we can easily avoid price competition .
To make high obstacle furniture , like R - angle wooden cabinet , high gloss cube .
We will research the market demand based on our core products , and produce high - quality products .
For the factories , because the Chinese demographic dividends are not like before anymore , low price and undiversified products should become verity and premium goods .
Focus on user experience , inventive , unique and our core products
Therefore , we are reforming and making high - tech items , likes LEDs , photoelectric , vacuums , steam mops , etc .
Use this core technology to develop blow machine , air purifiers , irons , etc .
Besides , factories are keeping going on our professional items and service like , high glossy , auto painting and 4-side edge sealing , honeycomb board , etc .
Also , for our wire racks , plastic
products .
And still working hard to build our own brand .
Nowadays , people have a lot of fear of pollution of the planet .
All governments are increasing their policies and laws relating to this topic and they also promote new rules in the daily life of the population .
One of the new rules for the reduction of pollution in the cities is public transport .
According to the general world laws about global warming , each country has considered its owns arguments about it .
I can give as an example how big cities around the world can reduce pollution more .
London is a good example , and Barcelona , too .
These cities do n't allow people to drive in the city centre , and the industry reduces its taxes if it 's increasing the politic nature .
My city is a good example , too .
The town mayor has given the population a free bus .
It 's a good idea to remove traffic jams .
I think , in conclusion , all people should have good behaviour and an open mind and they and myself also should take public transport more often .
My country is the best country in the world .
I love it so much .
We have different cultures here , and two main languages ; Arabic and Amazigh .
Morocco is a kingdom , like Spain and England . We have a king and princes .
My day in London !
I went to London in the summer .
I liked London , because there are a lot of great things .
On Monday , me and my friend Chrissy went to Big Ben .
we went to the Trocadero .
But the best was the Guards of Bukingham Palace .
Chrissy made a funny face but the guards did n't say anything .
We had very , very good weather .
It was fantastic .
The temperature was over 20 degrees .
We travelled to London by plane , but to come back we travelled by car and boat .
After we came back , I told my family everything .
Environmental changes are really needed in the current situation .
People contribution is very important in this matter .
The report explains how my town 's people take care of their surroundings to preserve this planet in a better way .
Firstly , hybrid cars are only allowed to be used during weekends . As a result of this , most people do not use their cars all week .
This attitude has reduced the enormous amount of smoke pollution from exhaust pipes .
Government policy changes help a lot with water preservation .
Many factories are following the regulations and not draining the harmful waste into the water .
Secondly , closed trash bins are provided for the people in order to collect the waste and recycling .
People come forward and utilise these bins effectively instead of throwing rubbish away .
As a result of this , the town looks clean compared to previous decades .
In addition to that , recyclable waste is sold and the money is given to the relevant person .
This gives motivation to the public and they can earn by using the right way to dispose of their waste .
Thirdly , public toilets have been opened for the public to eliminate the habit of urinating in public places .
Town council not only encourage people to plant trees or gardens , it subsidises their green improvements .
Example , free fertilizers , water pumps , and pesticides .
In summary , people take many initiatives and are moving forward to have a safe and attractive environment and surroundings .
My favorite sport is football .
This is an international sport because in all parts of world there are people that they play it .
Football is a famous sport . You can watch it on TV or you can see it live . There are a lot of level categories , the most famous category is the first .
People that play in this category are famous although you can see them on TV . If you want to be a big football player , you must practise more time and your life should be healthy .
You must care about your food and your habits so that you have a healthy body .
This sport is the best in the world and the most famous and I think that it is the most enjoyed .
Soccer is the best sport for me because you can get fit , meet other people and participate in competitions .
If you want to start doing this sport , you should be prepared to work hard .
This is a story about a country where there were no cats .
One day , an elderly foreign lady visited the country with no cats .
She gave the king an adorable kitten which she had brought with her .
Goodbye letter
Dear Ms Cumings ,
How are you ? I am fine .
I am very sad to hear you say that you are going to leave our school soon . I really do n't want you to leave this school !
Because you are the best teacher in the whole world ! Many of our classmates really like you too ! We know that you are going to teach at Discovery - bay primary school . My English results are better since you taught me . I really love you , Ms Cumings ! Your friend Ms Decock told me that she is going to Australia , and I love you both . I hope you that you will come back sometimes !
Love , Qiana Kam 2014.1.9
The graph given shows the seasonal sales of ice - cream from two places at an English seaside resort from 2012 to 2014 . They are , respectively , an ice - cream van and an indoor public swimming pool .
As the graph indicates , the sales at the ice - cream van were generally higher than those at the indoor swimming pool .
In the case of the ice - cream van , it sold most in Jul - Sep each year , nearly reaching 5000 dollars and it was still slightly increasing year by year .
Every year , from January to July , the sales slightly increased and reached the peak in the third season , then they gradually slid back to the year 's bottom .
Each year was nearly the same .
In the case of the indoor swimming pool , its sales did n't have large changes , it usually sold about 2000 - 3000 dollars ' worth in each season .
It usually sold most in Apr - Jun and Oct - Dec and slid to the bottom in Jul - Sep .
In general , its sales were falling as time went by .
It was a nice spring morning .
Both of them were young , beautiful and naive .
She put her cup of coffee on the windowsill , hooked up the brist on her beautiful little breasts , put right her colourful light - minded skirt , took her orange scarf and little red handbag and went to the door .
He stood up near the open window , smoked and looked at her without any words .
When she said good - bye , he just nodded .
When she looked at him from under her long eyelashes , he turned away and stared at the landscape outside .
When she left , Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Nowadays , we constantly use means of transport to go everywhere so that our lifestyle .
Society depends on them .
We are used to travelling by car , and , in fact , every family has one .
Despite this , travelling by public transport can be a better option in so many cases .
Certainly , cities will be crowded in the future because the population is always increasing .
Using your own car to go to the city centre could be a nightmare . It would be a stressful waste of time .
Unbearable traffic jams and no parking areas would be the main problems .
Besides , the price of petrol is increasing too , and it is likely it will be so expensive that most people will not be able to afford a car .
In contrast , there will be cheaper alternatives like buses , trains or even planes for long distances .
On the other hand , many drivers enjoy travelling in their own vehicle because they like to drive and they feel free .
Finally , governments and society are concerned about the environment and I think that they will decrease levels of pollution and co2 emissions .
In my opinion , public transport will not disappear , even if cars are much more comfortable , faster and more evolved than now .
Time is precious .
No one can deny that time is a big factor in our lives .
Life is divided up in terms of time . We live through time , we grow with time
till Now , we talk in time and , finally , we perish after time .
The world is changed by time .
Time never stops and does n't wait for anyone .
We must value time . I hope my country is like a developed country in making the best use of time .
Once a moment is lost , it is lost for ever .
It can never be regained . Even the most powerful monarchs have been helpless to prevent time .
So we should be aware of the importance of time . I hope not to waste it and to make the best use of it to giving opportunity for rising . Those who waste it , will be left behind and they will fail to make a mark in their life .
The great men and successful guys became famous and rose through the suitable use of time . They a are guide and a source of inspiration for a new generation .
So , we can say that time is a double - edged sword , either helping you or against you , and the popular saying is right : " do n't put off the work of this day to the next day " because our work will accumulate . Then it will become harder to finish it . To ensure the best use of time in our lives , we need to be punctual . Punctuality avoids tension and trouble . Finally , even scientists have another vision of time . They have discovered that time is the fourth dimension through relativity theory , which exchange all concepts in science .
I ca n't say I hope that time will be more important in our lives and we need to save it .
My town is very small .
Its name is Santa Marta and it is near Trujillo .
In my town , we have a big swimming pool , five parks , four bares and one state school .
In my town , there are a lot of old people , and there are not many children , because they live in other cities .
I love my town because , when I was a small girl , I went there , and I was with my grandparents , my cousins and my friends .
My best friend lives in Madrid , but we always used to be together in her house or in my grandparents ' house .
I have been very happy , and today I am happy here .
Dear Amanda :
How are you ? I am fine .
I miss you so much . How is your baby ?
I could come to Madrid .
You and I could see each other .
Next month , I am going to come to our town .
Will you be able to go ?
It will be fantastic !
I hope to see you soon .
Our friends always ask after you and your family .
Oh ! My brother , David , is going to get married ! Surprise !
I hope that you will be able to come to the wedding .
My boyfriend and I have a present for your little baby , Nick .
I love you so much , my dear friend .
The diagrams below show how bank notes are made through four steps and how bad sheets and notes are disposed of .
To begin with , the format of the bank notes needs to be designed . Factors for consideration include the background colour , the artwork and the security issues .
Secondly , equipment such as skilled machinists and metal plates have to be prepared for the next steps .
Thirdly , they print the sheets of bank notes ( 50 banks notes per sheet ) with special ink , where colour is considered on both sides and images will be slightly raised on the bank notes .
Most importantly , they manually inspect each printed sheet in case there should be damaged sheets .
Once damaged sheets are discovered , they individually separate them into good and bad ones and then burn the bad notes , making sure that the remaining sheets are of good quality .
Good sheets are cut into separate bank notes , then packed and dispatched to other places , while the bad ones have to be destroyed securely .
The movie which I have chosen to write about is Microphone .
It is an Egyptian movie starring Khalen Aboelnaga and some young actors . The action of this film takes place in Alexandria , a city in Egypt , and it is about some young people who need a good chance to deliver their voices to people as they do n't have much money to produce their own albums ,
that sort of band is famous among young people and they call it " underground bands " . Their songs give a big concenet to the political and social situation in Egypt and they became famous after the 25 January Revolution . I choose this movie as it reflects what happens in our society . There is no chance for young people and if they find it , they face a lot of problems to save it and they do n't find time for other activities , and sometimes they work on something which they never learn from or love .
I live in a small town , and there are a few things that my town does for the environment : like recycling , for which we must know what material the things we throw away are made of , and put them in the right dumpster .
This is a small act for us , but if we all contribute , it will be a big help for the environment .
We can also use appliances that do not consume so much , if we can adopt sustainable electrical systems or buy organic products .
In the big cities , they have begun to build green buildings , they use electric public transport in order not to pollute .
In my opinion , there may be many rules , but if we do n't respect them , we will not help our habitat .
The most exciting day of my life was May 9th last year , when I attended secondary school .
I went to France with my friends and my teachers .
I woke up very early .
I caught the bus and I waved to my mum .
Then I talked with my friends about our holiday .
After six hours , we had lunch in a fast food restaurant in France .
Next , we visited a famous aquarium where I saw a lot of fish .
It was interesting !
In the evening we had dinner in a particular restaurant and my friends and I took many photos of a famous sight .
I admired the sea while my friends looked around the shops .
The day after , we went to a perfumery and I bought a present for my mum .
My teacher wanted us to speak French .
In the end , my friends and I jumped into the sea .
It was crazy .
I will never forget this experience !
The cat LOZAH
On a nice day , my older brother surprised me .
He bought a cat .
It was the first time for me to play with a cat .
It was a nice experience .
I called it LOZAH because its color was like an almond .
An almond is called LOZ in Arabic .
LOZAH is four months old .
It is female cat .
LOZAH plays with balls and ropes .
It likes my laptop and it plays with the cursor .
That is funny , but makes me nervous .
The LOZA cat is Shirazi type .
It sleeps eighteen hours per day .
The nice sleeping of it is when it watches anime .
It plays with children very well .
When the children go out , it becomes sad .
I love its soft hair .
It chases ants and flies .
It eats chicken , tuna , milk and cheese .
It hates water .
When we need to punish it we spread some drops of water on its face .
I hope it will be a good cat and a good experience for me .
Dear Bob ,
my first job was as a babysitter .
I had to look after two little boys aged seven and nine years old .
I was seventeen years old when I decided to accept this job .
The parents of these boys were friends of my parents .
I was the babysitter of those children for all that summer and I enjoyed myself so much with them .
They lived in a big house with a lovely swimming pool where we could swim and play .
At the end of the summer , I kept on seeing those boys to help them during the school year .
This experience helped me a lot because I became much more responsible , not only with those boys , but also with my brothers and sister ( I have two brothers and one sister ) and I learned the meaning of working and earning money .
I did n't have problems because the children were quiet and respectful , and also because I had known them since they were born .
I hope to have answered all your questions .
Have a good work
cla '
I grew up in a one - parent family .
Sometimes I felt that I was alone and not loved .
However , we were lucky enough to have a great mother who tried her best to support my older brother , my older sister and me in completing our college studies . Of course , my uncle , younger brother of my mother lent a big hand to go through the hard times , so that made us often help each other in my family when a member was in difficulty .
In particular , I was the youngest member of the family , and I caused much more trouble when I was young .
I truanted and did not pay attention to my studies .
That was really the biggest harm to a hard - working woman like my mother who tried her best to feed me and help me complete my studies .
All the members of my family never gave up on me , and I finished my college studies , too . I have a good job now .
I do really thank my mother and all the members of my family for being patient and exertion to me . Now we have a great relationship with each other and treasure the happiness we have got not so easily .
So , are the members of my family my best friends?I'll answer you : there 's not much better answer than Yes !
How my town takes care of the environment
First of all , let me introduce my town . I live in Kabul , the capital of Afghanistan .
This town is located in the central zone of Afghanistan with 4462(km² ) surface area , and has more than seven million inhabitants . The economic and security situation is not suitable and these factors have a direct effect on how we care for the environment .
The most important factor in environmental improvement is the lack of the required knowledge among the local people .
Based on necessity , the people and government of this town together effectually take care of the environment .
The municipality of the town collects the garbage from the streets and roads and ships it to a
special area .
Fortunately , Kabul is surrounded by mountains and has a mountainous climate . This town has approximately 15 mm of rain per year . The remarkable agricultural area and forestry all around the town have a positive effect on Kabul 's environment and produces fresh air for the citizens of the town .
There is no future for public transport .
I agree with this point .
Public transport is busy nowadays .
More people are using it and it is getting rush .
It is creating a lot of problems by standing on the edge of the buses and metros .
Doing sports is my hobby because I find it interesting and it makes me healthy .
Actually , there are a lot of kinds of sports that I like , but the most interesting sport for me is football .
Usually , I play football with my friends in a stadium .
I suggest you do sports because it makes us healthy .
Dear Sir / Madam ,
I am interested in working with you .
This is an excellent opportunity for me because I want to work as an English teacher .
I studied in an English school and have been learning English since I was a child . My teachers were all native speakers and I always practised my English with them .
Later , I studied to be an English teacher at the university of Extremadura .
I am an English teacher now .
I like the children and working with them .
They are very good pupils .
They learn and understand English very well .
I worked in the English holiday school this year and I have learned a lot through this experience .
I organized activities like sports , visits to cities , festivals , etc .
I love being with them ; they help me to do my work , they teach me to be a better person . I have more patience now and I know how to be happy .
I live alone , so I always cook my own food .
Cooking is one of my hobbies . I like to eat very well and I cook several kinds of foods .
I think that I am the right person for your job because I have all that you are looking for .
I look forward to your reply .
Yours Faithfully
Selena López
My favorite sport
There are so many sports in the world , like basketball , baseball , running , yoga , swimming , and so on .
Everyone has their favorite sports .
One person likes going hiking , others likes dancing , still others like playing
volleyball .
And , so do I. I also like sports .
The one which I like most is badminton .
Why is my favorite sport badminton ?
There are a number of reasons .
First of all , exercising can make you
become more healthy .
Second , playing badminton can activate your whole body , like hands , arms , feet .
Third , when I
play it with someone , whether just for fun or for a competition , my body feels so hot in thirty minutes .
Then , it can be played indoors , and it can be played in the sun .
Finally , I am good at playing badminton .
Playing badminton can do lots of great things for you . Apart from being good for your health , it can also be a lot
of fun and you can play with family or friends happily .
If someone asked me what the best sport is , I would say :
badminton is .
My favourite sport is badminton because I used to play it when I was a child and I loved it .
It seems to me a complete sport , because you can play it in pairs or in an individual way .
To be good at badminton you need to prepare yourself in a physical way but also the psychological part is very important .
You have to be able to play for a long time , to analyze your opponent 's mistakes to win and to have the measure of your energy so as not to be exhausted before the match is over .
For someone who is starting this sport I would give just one piece of advice : enjoy yourself .
Because if you are trying to win , you will lose the most important thing : discovering how wonderful playing a sport can be .
Nowadays , young people are influenced by the western culture , so they are getting more fashion - conscious . Youngsters are interested in wearing different stylish and colorful clothes . They are happy about wearing different color clothes . They do n't want to wear our traditional dress , such as sari , dhoti , choli and many more . They only like to wear shirts , pants , skirts , t - shirts and many more . Youngsters are influenced by watching different programmes on television .
Sport is an important part of my life .
Two years ago , when I was still in school .
Many classmates went to different sections of the sport .
But I could n't go with them at the time . I was sick a lot .
One day , my friend invited me to karate .
He gave me 3 days to think about it .
I decided and went .
It was strange , because I never went to sports .
From the time I started going to karate .
After After one month , my instructor told me that I would enter the competition .
I was very worried and nervous .
The day of the competition arrived and I went with others to show how I 'd practiced .
Then instructor said my name and I went out on the Tatami . When I left I had a special feeling ; many people were looking and clapping .
It took 3 minutes . I won with three accounts too .
I . I was very happy because it was my first competition .
After the end of the competition , we were all awarded medals and certificates .
Then as always , they played the Kazakhstan national anthem .
This time I felt like a Champion . It was a really special feeling .
When I go to karate I 'm not even sick .
Sport has given me a boost of vitality , energy , and optimism and strengthened my immune system .
My most exciting day was June 8th 2014 ; an international competition in Belgium .
The day before , there were the qualifiers , which I passed .
The day of the finals , I was so nervous , but determined .
There were athletes who were European champions and I gathered all my courage and I did my exercises very well , except for a fall from the beam .
After the competition I was relaxed and happy , because I had done my job .
In the end , I placed 7th for both beam and floor , and after we took the photos , I went back to the changing room .
When I left , some girls were outside of the dressing room with a sheet of paper and a pen in their hands and they asked me for an autograph .
I was really surprised and happy . I would never have thought that could happen !
The little girls thanked me , then I went to eat with my team and the day after we went back to Italy .
An easy recipe is cookies .
You need butter , flour , sugar , eggs , vanilla and chocolate .
Mix the butter , eggs and vanilla .
The mixture must be smooth and compact . Pour the chocolate and cut the cookies into a round shape .
Bake them for 15 minutes .
Dear Mrs. Morgan
I am writing with regard to finding accounting services for my company .
I know that you have experience in searching got the best employees and you have quality .
I need the services for a year , so can you provide those services ?
I need my employees to be punctual and that they have responsibility in their job because we are talking about the money of the company .
Thank you for your help and I hope you will find the best company for me .
Yours sincerely
Alejandrina
The world is changing .
Technologies are moving on at high speed .
As the technological world is moving fast , the automobile industry is also coming up with new types of cars & scooters that work in very economical way .
Buying cars and scooters is more convenient than in the last decade .
In a few decades , people 's earnings and lifestyles have also changed .
People now buy cars and scooters according to their convenience and pocket .
Previously , people used to use buses , taxis , autos for going to offices , schools , colleges , shopping etc .
Which was a time - consuming and obviously cheaper way of commuting from one place to another .
Since the world of today is a time - saving world , people do n't care about their pocket .
Using private vehicles is more convenient for them than using public transport .
So public transport 's importance is decreasing every day .
If it so there will come a time when individual people will not be interested in public transport .
This has a tremendous impact on other aspects of life .
Fuel consumption has increased in a few years .
The number of cars and motorbikes is the reason for heavy traffic everywhere .
The rate of road accidents has increased in a few decades .
People do not even care about safety parameters while driving on the roads .
I must say that public transport is a lifeline in today 's world .
PUBLIC TRANSPORT
Public transport is a very useful resource . You can travel without polluting the atmosphere and it is very cheap .
But , why will it disappear ?
Nowadays , we usually travel very often to many different places , so for us , it is more comfortable to travel in our cars , but for the atmosphere and for our wallets , it is n't .
Using public transport we will avoid traffic and so many accidents , so why do n't we use it more ?
It would be a great advance for people and for the atmosphere , and for countries as well , because we will save a lot of money .
I recommend you to use public transport .
I think that family members ca n't be friends because the relationship is very different .
There are many good reasons to say that .
Firstly , family is the basis of the relationship .
Secondly , although friendship and love are the most important feelings , the family structures the person and influences their behavior .
I feel about my family in a different way from my friends .
Although I have a good relationship with my parents , I could n't think of them as friends .
Some people think that this is possible , but I disagree because it confuses roles in the family .
The parents have to give education to the children and , obviously , love .
In conclusion , I think that the two relationships are different .
Perhaps I think that this statement is false because I think this statement should say that public transport is going to exist in the future because travelling by car is not so much more convenient .
I think that travelling by car is good because you have your own seat and in the winter your car is hot and you can also listen to the radio .
On public transport , you do n't have your own seat , so sometimes you travel standing up , which is not very comfortable , and in winter you do n't have air conditioning , so if it 's cold outside , it 's cold inside too . Sometimes you have to travel with sick people that can transmit the illness to you .
On the other hand , public transport does n't pollute , but the car pollutes , so , for us , travelling by car is better than travelling by public transport , but for the atmosphere , it is better to travel by public transport than to travel by car .
My bedroom is light and modern .
The walls are green and blue . On the green wall there are some of my photos , and on the wall there are some photos belonging to my brother .
There is a bedside table between two beds . On this there are the alarm clock and the books that we are reading .
There are two wardrobes ; one for me and one for my brother .
There is a stereo system on the bench and arranged around the room there are a lot of puppets .
There is a clothes hanger near the window and the curtains are yellow , green , blue , violet and white .
Near my bedroom , there is a little room . In that room there are my red desk , a white bookshelf and a globe .
Hello , my name is Habiba Hamdy . I am fifteen years old and I live in Egypt .
I like English very much . I like learning new languages and things .
I am not a fluent speaker of English but I hope that I will be one day .
What makes me like learning new languages is how it helps me communicate with others easily . I also like traveling so much , as it makes me see new places and learn more about other countries around the world and their cultures and traditions . However , I do n't travel outside my country because I am a student and I do n't have my own money which I can spend on whatever I like .
My dream for when I grow up is that I will travel a lot around the world , marry a romantic , funny person , have a good life and be a good mother like my mother .
Years ago I was very worried about what would happen in the future .
About the pollution , technology , obesity and other things around the world .
Nobody cared how we lived .
But , these days , people think differently , and are starting to help the world and .
Pollution is a big problem for us and the planet .
In the past , people bought things , and they did n't care how dangerous they were for the planet .
Now , people are more aware and they know how dangerous is for the planet .
Also , TV , radio , the internet , big companies have advertisements about helping the planet .
Moreover , from kindergarten , schools are educating about taking care of the planet , simply by doing things like separating the garbage .
Obesity and other things about help , is a very important topic , because people are dying because of this problem .
For example , the way of preparing food can be dangerous because a lot food has artificial things that are not good for us .
To turn to , already people cook organic food with more natural products without chemicals .
But this kind of food is expensive and people can not buy it .
Technology has good thing and bad sides .
Technology is advancing very fast , in the best way . This is good for us because we will do a lot of things .
Maybe , in 2060 , we will be able to go to the moon very easily , like going to Europe .
Also , cars will fly , and maybe that will be better for the city .
In conclusion , I think that we are on track for the next years .
Compared with the past , people are more aware and are worried about the world .
As a result of that , we will have a better life , more healthy and clean in the coming years .
I hope things will continue in this way because it is our future , our life and we have to take care of it to have a good and happy life in the coming years .
No one can deny the importance of public transport , but actually this importance is turn to private sector transport .
And this importance of private transport is because private transportation provides a comfortable way to move from one place to another . Also , it helps to save time and reduce costs spent in public transportation .
Firstly , private transport provides a comfortable way to travel from one place to another without sharing with strange people and , by using this kind of transport , is also convenient because you are free to choose the time of a trip .
Secondly , it is a good way of travelling or moving from one place to another without wasting time waiting for a specific time to move or even waste time waiting for a public transportation vehicle to reach all the points it has to go to , but on the other hand , when you have your own transport or private transport , you get the right to choose the time of your trip or when you want to move or stay , and nowadays , we can not afford to waste our time taking public transport .
Finally , public transport involves more costs , because public transport ( such a buses , trains ) fares are increasing every year , and we do not face this problem with private transport .
The main goal of the thesis is to discuss the three different children 's editions of The Dream of the Red Chamber : Tian Wei edition , Jia Wen edition and Feng Che edition as the object of research .
To begin with , the Li Ren edition of The Dream of the Red Chamber has 120 units .
In comparison with the Li Ren edition , the three children 's editions have some dissimilarities in plot , title , topic , character , language and so on .
We will discuss how to present the features in different aspects such as education , entertainment , literature and children .
Besides , an adaptation is connected with the Li Ren edition .
It can help readers to feel the culture and traits in the Qing Dynasty .
This graph shows people from India , Pakistan and the West Indies who entered the UK from 1940 to 1970 .
People from India and Pakistan coming to the UK significantly increased by around 10 times in 1970 , compared to 1940 .
Now I will talk about the Daruma , a Japanese restaurant that was a very good experience for me .
First of all , the food was really delicious .
The Yakimeshi , the sushi and all the dishes were like a taste of the real Japan .
Also , you can see how they prepare your food in front of you .
The tables have a grill where the chef does his magic .
All the place was surrounded by a nice and warm atmosphere .
That makes anybody feel a new level of pleasure in the same process that everybody repeats everyday , eating .
It was a sunny day , a special day in my life . the day was 29 October 2009 . That day I had a university admission test at Shajalaj university .
Before that day , I was frustrated , so it brings happiness to my mind .
Very luckily , a beautiful girl sat on my bench .
After talking with her for a few minutes , I became so happy .
In fact , I fell in love with her at first sight .
So I was just thinking about how to convince her .
There was no other option for me . I just wanted her . During the exam , I was thinking the whole time about how to communicate with her .
When the examination was over , again , I started to talk with her , asking her her exam was .
She told me not good at all , but mine was good and she also added that I might get the chance , and finally I got it .
Three days later , our results were published and I got the chance but the girl did n't .
Then I became so unhappy .
I thought if both of us got the chance , then it would be very good .
But , alas , my dream did n't come true .
When I was returning from Syleth , I called the girl and talked to her and told her that I had got chance at university , but the girl said that she knew .
Hi Duncan ,
How are you ? I hope that you are well .
Please , give my congratulations to your cousin .
I have my cousin 's wedding next month too , so I am very excited .
Well , weddings in my country are usually celebrated in a church .
The bride wears a long white dress and the groom wears a black suit .
It is all very religious .
A lot of people go to a wedding because it 's a very important moment for the couple , normally about one hundred people .
The food is always in a big restaurant where we eat the best food in the city . I recommend you to come to a Spanish wedding .
I think that 's all . I hope that it will be helpful .
Best wishes ,
MARIO
Hello , I 'm Arnau and I am twelve years old . I live in Manresa ( Catalonia ) . I am very hardworking in high school and I 'm funny and very talkative and I 'm not freaky .
I am very tall ( 1,71 m ) , my face is normal , I have brown eyes and black hair , and my nose and mouth are normal .
I 'm really into Ps3 , especially Fifa 15 , and a fan of riding a bike , but I do n't like computer games , they are very boring , but I like chatting on the internet with my friends . Sometimes I like playing on my Ipad .
In my free time I watch TV , I play PS3 , I ride a bike and I sometimes play football in the " camp municipal de la mion " , and my hobby is running in the afternoon with my father . I spend money on clothes and I sometimes spend money on PS3 games , and I spend some money on my bike .
I really want to meet boys and girls from different countries of the world . I 'm really interested in practicing English and I want to learn Chinese and Russian . I 'm really interested in learning languages .
I really love languages ! ! ! ! !
The most beautiful museum in Mexico
Now it is the holidays and we need or we want to visit places around the country .
Well , I will explain in this article about one museum that is considered " The Best in Mexico " , but why ?
The answer is simple ; this museum has many types of momias .
In 1810 , there was a war for independence in Mexico and many people fought with other people . For example , Miguel Hidalgo is considered " The father of independence " and he fought with the Spanish monarchy .
He gave arms to the whole city .
Later he was killed and he rests in peace in this museum like other famous people from that war .
The Museum is in Guanajuato , Guanajuato .
You should knew that the price to visit the museum is very cheap : $ 15.00 for an hour . If you want to spend more time , the price increases by $ 10.00 .
The museum is the most interesting place in my country because it describes the history of our country .
If you want to take photos the way free you can done .
Finally , you can enjoy the museum with all the family and you can invite some people from other cities or other countries .
Article written by Martina Alejandra Montero Pascoal .
Magazine : " OUR COUNTRY " .
Football as a favourite sport
My favourite sport is football . I love football because it involves two teams .
Being a two team sport makes the game competitive and interesting .
I am an Arsenal fc fan .
I have been an Arsenal fan since 1999 .
I love Arsene Wenger .
He is a good coach but he does n't like to buy experienced footballers .
Buying cheap footballers has wrecked the Arsenal team several times because of the lack of experience of the cheap players .
Football is an important sport that unites nations .
It brings unity between countries .
People from different cultures play in the same club .
The World Cup unites the world .
Football is indeed a union .
Hello ,
Mine was badminton and I really enjoyed it when I was playing .
It is one of the best exercises for anybody who wants to get thin .
When I am on the court , my opponents fear my service and I am very at my position to cover the entire court .
Coming to the infrastructure of badminton , it is all about the cock and the racquets .
The court holds 2 players or 4 players , depending on the court .
Each team has 1 or 2 players ,
and the court has one net in between those players .
They have to hit the cock over the net .
If the cock touches that net , it counts as a point to the other team , who can receive from the cock .
At present , many people think that English is the world language and it is absolutely an essential skill to communicate with people from other countries .
For this reason , Taiwanese parents do not want their kids to be behind others . Therefore , many kindergartens have started to teach children English .
It 's December .
But in my city there is no snow .
And it 's sooo bad .
In the streets it is a little warm .
About 9 degrees , I guess .
Yesterday it was very windy and 2 days ago there was heavy rain .
Yep , it 's our weather .
Not all of Russia is always under snow .
Michael just felt nothing different to usual . He was on his way to school .
He went through the park where children were playing around .
He saw some street performer on the street .
Everything seemed so fine , and nothing was wrong , anyway .
Michael is a college student majoring in music .
He loves music so much that he turned down other courses , just concentrating on music .
He learns how to compose and plays some kind of ancient instrument .
The teacher says that Michael is gifted and talented .
Michael may become a great musician someday .
Meanwhile , Michael is also a sensitive guy .
Michael saw a homeless guy on the street .
At first , he just pretended nothing was happening .
After that , he changed his mind , and he turned back to give the guy some money .
He thought that he had done the right thing , then went back home .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Television is one of the most useful inventions of the modern world .
It is a commodity which serves the dual purpose of both education and entertainment at one and the same time .
The TV shows broadcast on television play a vital role in shaping the thoughts of the viewers .
I think , I can agree with the opinion that shopping is not always enjoyable .
In my opinion , it is dependent on what we buy and with whom we go shopping .
To tell the truth , shopping is so boring for men , particularly when they go to the store with women .
Shopping with women is nightmarish .
They always run in the shops and ca n't choose anything .
Then they are always screaming and yelling like wild goats .
When I hear this , I want to commit hara - kiri .
No future for public transport ?
Why do we use public transport ? Some of us use it to save money by not buying gas or because they ca n't buy a car or if they have problems with their cars or they are n't in the mood to drive .
Nowadays , with technology , we have different ways to get around , like hoverboards , skateboards , and maybe it means there is no future for public transport .
Another point is that we have our own cars and it 's more comfortable . I do n't have to wait in line to buy tickets .
I do n't have to be late because of the delays . I can do anything in my own car . I can put music on , I can drink , eat , speak or wherever .
I do n't really have an opinion , I just do n't know . We will have to wait and find out .
Tell me your opinions on this subject in comments .
My Favourite Sport .
We are living in a rush world .
All of us have to choose some activity .
In my opinion , it has to be like brushing our teeth .
We do it for hygiene !
My hygiene is running , or the more familiar word is jogging .
Run Forest Run !
It is the most simple form of activity .
Jogging has existed since the beginning of the earth .
I can say that it is the most natural movement for humans .
All that you need to become a runner is motivation and a plan .
That is what happened with me personally .
Motivation for me was a 15k race .
But I had never before worked out by jogging .
So to finish the competition with pleasure , I needed to work out a plan , which was a day - by - day diary of our jogging distance , time , and mood during our workout .
First of all , it is absolutely minimal . You just need boots for running !
It is one main condition , the rest of your clothing are not important .
Shoes are to protect and prevent your health . You have got only one pair of feet , look after them .
I enjoy my favourite sport because I feel better after jogging , I think better and I meet lovely people because of running .
My advice is : eat a lot of vegetables and fruit , drink plenty of water and run at least 3 times per week .
I will give you a review of a thriller . The thriller is Hunger Games . It is about some capitals and people are chosen to play in a game . You have to kill people before they kill you . It is a movie that has suspense , because you want to know how they survive . In the movie , someone loves someone and they protect each other . It is really cute , but in the 3 movies there are bad moments with the family , capitals , friends , etc .
But you will love the movie and you will want to see others , so go and see that movie .
I would like to explain about my favourite sport , cricket .
Cricket is a sport that has two teams of eleven players each ..
I like cricket very much because playing cricket brings immense pleasure .
We can enjoy cricket with our friends by playing cricket and we can also have fun , entertainment .
Playing cricket also gives physical exercise to our body . we can bowl , bat , field in cricket , which requires a lot of physical activity .
Playing cricket gives relaxation and reduces stress .
I can give advice to people who are interested in playing cricket . They must know all the rules of cricket before playing it .
My bedroom
My bedroom is n't very big and is untidy .
There are two desks with two computers , two chairs and two bookshelves with my brother 's school books and mine .
There are three bunk beds next to some wardrobes .
There is a big window with curtains .
Finally , there are some posters and some shelves with my games .
My favourite sport is tennis .
This sport is an individual sport , so you win alone and do n't beat a team , but if you play tournaments in pairs the one who wins is the team .
This sport is very famous all over the world , but in Italy it is n't very famous , because in Italy soccer is more famous than tennis .
But I know that a lot of young people play tennis . I hope that Italian tennis players will be very famous all over the world in a few years ' time , then you wo n't wait to sign up to a tennis club and you will become a famous tennis player !
If you start playing tennis you go to a famous tennis club , or you choose the best tennis teacher , who will introduce you to tennis and you will learn the shots , including forehand , backhand , the smash and the service .
So you will become one of the most famous players in the world and you will win a lot of tennis tournaments , including the four slams : the Australian Open , the US open , the Roland Garros and Wimbledon .
Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately .
In 2 hours , Mary 's plane was leaving and he had to go to the airport to stop her from going to Scotland .
He had to tell her she was in danger .
He went to the garage and got on on his motorbike .
It was a cloudy , rainy day and there was a lot of traffic .
Though the road was wet and slippy , he rode his motorbike fast and skilfully , making his way through the other cars and trucks .
My favourite sport is soccer . I like to play soccer because it 's a great sport .
It is great when you are in a cup and go very far in the tournament .
It is also really fun to be with everyone who 's in the team .
When you play in a tournament you play a lot of football and you also spend a lot of time with your friends .
When you go far in a tournament , you have to play a lot of games .
If you are going to begin playing football , you need football boots . You also need protection for the legs .
If you are starting this sport , you need to think it 's fun to play it .
If you do n't think it is a fun sport , you should not do it .
The best thing about football is that it 's a fun sport to play .
You should not play the sport just because your friends are doing it . Do it because you like to play .
Dear Sir/ Madam ,
I saw your advertisement in a newspaper .
I 'm a young man who finished his studies in tourism and ecology this year .
I have also been a member of the association of tourism and ecology since I was 10 years old .
I have traveled a lot and I have a lot of knowledge about travel .
Also , I have done a climbing course and I have practiced climbing since I was 12 years old .
I love to travel and I know that I was born for it .
I have worked for a few different companies and associations in the past .
Usually I was a volunteer , but I was also part of a few European Projects where I was paid for my work .
As a person , I 'm friendly and I like to do my job .
My best leisure time activity would be hanging out with my friends .
l like to go to the beach with my friend or alone often .
I enjoy watching people and children having fun .
l like the cool breeze from the ocean while I 'm walking along the shore and listening to my favorite music .
Hi Alex , I ca n't wait to see you
I really think that we should go to that new centre that you wrote about in your last email and do some of the activities .
I would prefer to do the sailing on the river , because as you know , I never learnt how to ride a bike .
But we could also try the climbing , but it would be better if we could climb outside , in the countryside .
Perhaps on Saturday night we could watch a horror movie , as we both love horror , or a comedy .
But , if we are not too tired at the time , we could go out .
I would really like it if my parents could bring me to your house on Friday evening , but I think that we have a party that night .
But I will try to convince them .
See you soon .
The future of public transport is one of the key issues large cities have to face .
Citizens want , at the same time , efficient and quick means of transportation , personalised solutions to meet their transportation needs , and the cheapest transportation costs .
Hi Isabel .
How are you ? I hope you 're OK .
I have something to tell you .
I am living in New York city ! !
I used to live in Cancún but for my job I had to change cities .
This place has some restaurants and sports bar s where I can talk with Latinos and feel at home .
Email me soon and let me know how you are getting on next holidays .
See you soon . Kisses .
I think that public transport is much better for the environment than private transport .
If people travelled more often on public transport , we would n't pollute so much .
I think that public transport is the future , because many countries will have to ban entrance to their towns for private cars to stop the CO2 emissions to the atmosphere , in order to protect the planet and the health of their citizens .
So I do not agree with this affirmation . In my opinion , travelling by car is much more expensive and harmful to the environment than using public transport .
After that kiss , Elizabeth was very surprised , but Jason was a little bit stiff .
Maybe he is sorry she thought , but why if she is perfect , she is everything that a man could want . So what was happening .
-Are you ok ? - She says , a little bit afraid of his forthcoming word .
-Oh , erm- He gets a little bit red in the face- I … erm , I am sorry ! - He screams and his face goes totally red .
He seems different . She never imagined that Jason could be like that . She imagined someone brave and strong , and she never foresaw something like this . But she felt something for him , maybe she is in love with this guy .
-I'm sorry - he repeats again , but more serious and with his normal face - It 's because , well it , was my first kiss OK ! ? I can fight with Bloutums , Dragons , Two - Headed snakes and everything that you can imagine .
But these thoughts of l … lo … love , can make me very nervous- the blush comes again .
- Haha!- she smiles - it 's ok , do n't worry , it was my first kiss too , and I liked it . She smiles again , but this time , the smile seems false .
Elizabeth seems to be a very sweet girl , but Jason is not convinced , because when he kissed her , he did n't feel anything , he did n't feel that the ground disappeared , and when his face turned red , he just put a face of horror and surprise , like she was very sorry for kissing him .
Almost at the same time , they kissed .
-Hey , do n't run Snow .
- But it 's very late Margarita , OMGG ( Oh my green god ) , it is very late . I 'm gon na die .
They stop in a dressmaker 's market .
-Why are we here ? - Margarita asks .
- I 'm gon na give information to Lucresia .
- What kind of information ?
- Prince Jason is here .
- Prince Jason ?
Who is he ?
- The prince of Blue City . He is very handsome , and his family has military studies , so he is the second most perfect guy in the world .
-ja amm second ?
Yes , the first one is the " Duque of Venomania " .
-Who is he ?
- I 'll tell you later .
When they entered the dressmaker 's market , Lucresia was n't there .
But there were a lot of beautiful dresses in high - tech closets with lights .
-These dresses are made of textile fiber . Almost everything here is synthetic and wearable for everyone - explained Snow .
- Wow , everything is beautiful , it makes me feel like I am suspended in a dream or fairytale .
- Do you want to wear one ?
-Yes but for what ?
-For the dance in the green palace .
- But are you sure ?
-Yes , just wait . In a fraction of a second , you will be ready .
My favourite sport is running .
I run every day .
When I am running , I feel relaxed .
That is the reason why I love running so much .
Moreover , when I am running , I can think through a lot of things about myself or how to solve some of the problems of daily life .
Therefore , running can let me feel happy .
In the past , cars were only affordable for the upper classes , while for the middle class and lower there were not many choices for them besides walking and public transportation .
Once technology and the standard of living are improved , many people left the traditional habit of using public transportation and chose the car for several reasons .
The first one is to save time .
As we know , public transportation is not a direct way to get to all our destinations and it forces us to stop at many stops first . Moreover we have to take another one to reach our destination , so it is already obvious why using a car is better .
Secondly , public transportation is usually very crowded and makes us not feel safe , since there is an opportunity for us to be robbed .
Then , by car , we can enjoy the scenery , share a laugh , change our destination all of a sudden and many more .
For these reasons , it can not be doubted that people think a car is more comfortable to use rather than public transportation .
Since cars are affordable nowadays , a family can have more than one . That makes the number of cars grow rapidly , but they do not think about the negative side effects that a car has .
Firstly , it leads to global warming , since the concentration of pollution is higher in many countries , and actually it is not only leading to but also making global warming faster and can also threaten our health .
Then roads are more crowded right now and there is so much traffic , so people waste more time on the road , then it makes one of the positive points of using a car disappear and the importance of public transportation is needed .
While in the statement it says that public transportation will be abandoned by many people , in my opinion , the opposite is true - that public transportation is our future .
It can be proved now that the willingness of people to use public transportation is higher . Besides , it is not as costly as using a car , and the quality of public transportation has improved , so citizens have no worries about using it .
Would you like me to help you ?
There are n't any animals on the farm .
That is hardly surprising , it has been closed since 2005 .
You 'll have to take the bull by the horns and get some work done !
In the future , people will go out of the Earth . Because of the damage , people on the ground ca n't survive .
When they want to find foods , there will be nothing .
Even the grass ca n't live on earth .
Thought , but most people will not be members of the team who are alive .
Cause there was lots of damage , but they did n't take responsibility .
I wonder for sixteen years .
And . And I do n't know if they will change their minds in the next fifty years .
Firstly , I agree about learning different concepts , because you can analyse different opinions .
It 's not necessary to say the same words .
But you need to understand the main idea .
In other words , some professors , when teaching different topics , explain the concepts and it 's difficult to learn .
Sometimes it 's so difficult to say the same words for the students . I recommend reading different ideas .
Anyway , if you read different books , you can understand better .
In conclusion , it 's more important to learn the concept than to say something stupid ....
So , if you need techniques for learning , you need to analyse and create your own words , this way you will never forget this definition .
All about me
Hi , my name is Leon Johnson . I am 13 years and I live in Stocksund Sweden .
I was born at Danderyds hospital , in 2003 on the 5th of September .
I have one sister who is ten years old and one brother who is five years old .
I spend most of my spare time playing ice hockey and golf .
One of the best places I have ever visited is Leksand , in Dalarna .
( It is my country place . ) I like it because it is near the water and we have a big lawn where we play football , volleyball and have fun .
Three words that describe me are : sporty , friendly and happy .
One of my favourite books is Diary of a Wimpy Kid .
I like almost all music , but right now I listen to Calvin Harris most of the time .
My favourite subjects at school are mathematics , geography , and , of course , English .
The location of the restaurant is fantastic , right in the centre of the city , and with plenty of space for parking .
The decor is not too modern , but not too classic . It has a comfortable atmosphere .
The menu is very well constructed , and the food is based on local products .
The prices are more than good if you consider the high quality of the dishes .
Dear Mr Sotelo ,
I am writing this letter because we need to improve the facilities in the gym .
In the gym there are many people .
On the days that we have to do sports , if the weather is good , we do it outside , but if the weather is bad , we have to do them in the gym .
On those days , there are a lot of people and classes at the same time and sometimes we ca n't have the class comfortably .
Apart from this problem , we have another problem that is important too .
This problem is that some apparatus are broken and the paint is bad .
For me , the solutions to these problems are easy .
With the first problem , you should organise the timetable in order to have one class at a time .
And the solution to the second problem is that you should do maintenance once a year .
I look forward to your positive answer .
Yours sincerely , Maximiliano Khachaturyan .
Dear Mrs Gate
I 'm so glad to hear from you and I also would like you to know that your idea for our new school project is really interesting .
I am excited about the idea of being with and interviewing other students from different parts of the world .
June 21st is impossible for me because I have an appointment with Mr Set , my dentist . Can we set the meeting for the next week ?
Hope to hear from you soon
Anna
In the last year sales at Benton Electronics in the first quarter of the year were 500 and they increased to 620 in the second quarter . In the third quarter , sales stayed at 620 and in the last quarter of the year sales went down very quickly to 420 . As you can see , sales were very unstable .
I just want to express what I think is painful , and I think coming back to your own home after many years of being away and seeing your closest person has departed is the most painful feeling ever .
Good evening , my name is Lydia , I am a newcomer to IMAS .
I am a local from Taipei .
It 's my pleasure to join you here . My major is actually not relevant to Social Sciences . I really want to learn more about the research methodology of social sciences .
I think it will be helpful to me taking this lesson at the beginning of the semester . I believe I can learn a lot from the professor and you guys .
Thank you !
My Life at University
Life at university involves a lot of difficult and interesting things .
Of course , everything always have two sides .
Now that I live at university , my life has changed a lot .
Firstly , studying is very difficult because you have to accept new ways of studying - studying by yourself .
In addition , my major is English , so teachers teach and explain in English , and I could n't keep up with lessons well at first .
I was very unsure of myself and I could n't make friends well , so I think that it was too difficult to ask teachers or friends .
I always try to find out reasons , which takes a lot of time .
Moreover , I need to improve my skills , such as reading , listening , writing , and speaking . They help me to keep up with my teacher ' s lessons .
Secondly , studying at university , I have to live a long way from home , which makes me homesick , sad , and worried . I have to live in a dormitory with many strange people . They 're very noisy and I have to share my room with my roommates .
It 's not convenient .
Everyday , I have to clean our room , wash clothes . I have to spend a lot of time finishing everything before I start studying .
When I first lived here , I used to call my family and complain about life here .
However , university life has many conveniences .
Living alone , I have to manage money well .
Before I want to pay for something , I always think carefully about whether it 's really necessary or not .
Sometimes , I nearly ran out of money and I was really worried , so I have to spend money sensibly .
Living alone , I have to save money , because there are many situations which I have to deal with without family , and you can become a good person with many good characteristics , such as confidence , independence , friendliness .
Because my family always did everything for me when I lived with them , it 's very difficult to be independent .
But today , I have to do it , I have to solve my problems , manage money , wash clothes by myself .
In addition , I can be confident because teachers require everybody in class to stand in front of the class and speak English .
Living alone , you have to make friends when you 're sad .
Learning new lessons from society .
Jogging : the sport in nature
My favourite sport is jogging .
While I am jogging , I can think about all the daily things in my life .
When I am in a bad mood , I go jogging outside and hear the birds singing .
For me , jogging is very stressless .
On one day I might go alone , so I can calm down or think things through .
On another day , I go jogging with my best friend , so we talk a lot and have fun while we do sport .
Jogging is a sport you can start any day .
You do n't need a lot of equipment , so you do n't have to buy a lot .
I think for people who are fat , they can go jogging , but a little bit slower .
You have to consider this and go jogging tomorrow .
It is never too late to start .
Have fun !
It is a hot summer 's day and Agatha has just switched off the computer in her office to go back home .
Suddenly , Agatha sees , through the windows , a 30-year - old man . He 's tall and is wearing 19th century clothes . He is John , a known vampire who lives in that district .
He had come to Agatha 's investigation office to ask her to look into some murders had that happened recently .
Four vampires had been murdered .
Agatha knows that John is a dangerous man , so she decides to refuse the case .
Unhappy , John insists until Agatha accepts .
After the agreement , Agatha goes back home and immediately calls her friend Michael to tell him to come to her house .
When he arrives she tells him about the occurrence .
Michael , who is a policeman , decides to help her .
Two weeks later , Agatha meets John in the old palace 's cellar .
Accompanied by Michael , she goes to him and gives him all the documents she has found .
Unfortunately , Agatha ca n't find sufficient clues to identify the guilty party .
Irritated , John understands Agatha 's difficulties and , before going away , he calls Agatha without Michael to tell her another important thing .
While Michael goes out , a red light appears in John 's eyes .
Michael closed the door and knew at the moment he had made a mistake .
We had had lunch , so we started a little walk .
Then we saw an eagle flying in the sky .
We had never seen such a beautiful eagle as that .
Charlie thought that if he was taller he might be able to take a picture .
Therefore , he climbed a tree .
Suddenly , when he was trying to focus on the eagle with the camera , he fell .
There are several reasons why there is no future for public transport .
One reason is that travelling by car is more comfortable .
If you share your own car with other people , you will save money .
Another reason is that you can listen to the music that you like in your car .
For all these reasons , I think that travelling by car is better .
My name is Monika and I 'm 21 years old .
I 'm from Poland and live in Poznan .
I have a lot of interests , but my favourite is volleyball .
Volleyball is a discipline which I have been practising for 6 years .
An important place in my country is the Museum of Prado because it is full of many world famous paintings .
It 's very large and has special lights in the Greek performers ' room mainly .
This museum houses the historical collection of the Spanish royal family from many centuries ago to the present time .
There you can see some of the greatest teachers painters .
The car is very easy .
I have a car and I can go to a lot of places , because it is fast .
The public transport is slow and has got a lot of people .
I prefer walking , because the bus , helicopter , and metro are very polluting .
The pollution is the first problem with public transport
A long time ago , in a small village in Spain , the story I 'm going to tell you happened .
A man called Michael gave us a new machine to wash our clothes .
He tried to switch it on again and again , but the machine did n't work .
Suddenly , a man in black told us that we should plug the machine into the electricity .
Michael 's face was awfully red .
He was very embarrassed .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Good morning everyone and welcome to your favorite program " You can also do so " . Today we 're going to learn how to make a cake for children 's birthdays , and Sofia will tell us what ingredients we are going to need to be able to make the cake .
hello John good days and what we need to make this delicious cake is : eggs , flour , yeast , sugar , and the flavoring for the cake that we want , such as chocolate , vanilla , fruit .
While I was ringing the bell , the neighbour 's dog started to bark .
It looked afraid and nervous .
It was like it was waiting for a terrifying event .
I stood in front of the door for forty minutes and I rang again and again .
Nobody opened .
I had called Michael that morning and I told him that I would go to his house that evening .
I would expect that he was waiting for me .
I looked through the windows and I could see a suspicious shadow .
I thought he might be Michael and I started to shout his name .
When Michael saw me , he opened the door , but straightaway closed the door and at that moment knew he had make a mistake .
Dear Sir / Madam ,
I am writing to you to apply for the position at a summer camp as advertised in the newspaper .
I am an architect . I have 5 years of professional experience .
I am also part of a charity organisation in my local town , we
There are many sports and my favourite sport is badminton . I liked it when I was young .
I remember that the first present my mother gave me was a badminton racket .
I was really surprised .
Because I did n't know how to use it .
From that day , my older brother taught me to play it .
I often play it for about 2 hours in the afternoon .
And now , if one day I do n't have any practice , I feel bored .
I see that it 's good for my health .
It helps me be stronger and more active .
As you know , doing sports gives us many benefits . You can join a club and have more friends .
Moreover , if you have good ability , you can compete in a competition to try your best . I am a member of a Badminton club in the city . If you 're interested in badminton , come and enjoy yourself .
Dear Anne ,
Thanks for your letter asking about what the young people are interested in .
Saying that , the music that they like is pop music and reggaeton as they can dance together .
Also , the television programmes that they watch are reality shows .
These programmes are fashionable .
In addition , regarding clothes , young people wear a dress , skirt or jeans .
Everyone wears what he wants .
See you soon ,
Fatima
My nightmare journey took place in August 2011 .
My family and I were returning from a holiday that we spent at the seaside .
We were going to Gdańsk to see the new stadium that was built for the UEFA European Championship .
We saw the stadium , returned to the car and wanted to drive to Bydgoszcz .
Bydgoszcz is my hometown and the destination of this journey .
Sadly our car broke down ... at a big and busy intersection !
This was n't some big , we still had four wheels and a motor , but the electronics in the car stopped working .
This was very scary !
We did n't have a speedometer , blinkers and lights ; it was a very dangerous situation .
We stopped on the side of the road and looked for a solution .
My father rang friends but unfortunately no one could help us .
We had to take a risk and went to the nearest market .
In the car park in front of this building a very nice and crazy old man helped us and charged the accumulator in our car .
This worked and we could return to driving .
We were very scared because the car could break down again at any moment .
For this reason , we did n't use a motorway .
Fortunately , we returned home healthy and happy but very very tired .
To pursue a career which is relevant to the field of Mechanics and expect myself to contribute my experiences and knowledge with enthusiasm and I would love to have challenges and yearn for the sense of accomplishment .
Shopping facilities in Moral de Calatrava .
This report shows the sorts of shops which are located in Moral de Calatrava .
1 . Shopping cheaply .
It is thought that Chinese shops are the cheapest by far .
We are offered a lot of bargains in this kind of shop .
But maybe , the most important thing is the variety of products which can be found there : from cleaning products to furniture .
2 . Fashion in small towns .
Traditional clothes : that kind of clothing can be expensive , but if you want to live like in the past , you can put on those clothes and you will have great fun although those clothes went out of style many years ago .
Something more fashionable : there are also a few clothes shop where you can find a lot of by fashionable Italian and Spanish designers .
If you need something for a special event like a wedding , you can go to three shops which are specialised in that .
3 . Farmer 's markets .
Every Saturday morning , this village organizes a market where people can buy some natural vegetables or fruit which have been grown by local farmers .
That is the reason why their price is so low .
Some pieces of advice :
-Even though you can find a lot of bargains , do n't spend too much if you do n't need to .
-Be careful .
If you look like a foreign person , local people could try to rip you off .
-If you buy some clothes , assure yourself that they fit you and you like them enough to conservate .
My town tries all the time to make our town more beautiful and comfortable by taking more care of the environment . They provide us with good buses , which are friends to the environment , and offer the tickets for these buses at a cheap price . They also try to find the best way to make the rubbish more useful by recycling . Also , people try all the time to find the best way to keep our village clean ; they never throw the rubbish in the streets or the gardens . They also take care of the fuel in their cars to not be bad for the environment . So , it 's our duty to take care of our village and the whole environment alongside the government .
There are many accidental problems encountered by international students studying in Australia .
It is believed that the most important one is the culture barrier .
Because of different cultural backgrounds , the speaking styles of international students who come from different countries are different .
Meanwhile , different countries have different rules .
For example , people always walk on the right of the road in China . However , Australian rules specify that citizens drive on the left of the road .
Secondly , loneliness can be a big problem when a person leaves their own country , going away from family members and close friends .
Thirdly , students may not be accustomed to western eating habits , like burgers , pizza and bread . Because of the unfamiliar environment , students may lack a sense of security .
There will evaluate viable solutions to the problem .
The most important way is that individuals should participate in student activities which are held by students of the same nationality , so that they may not feel lonely . At the same time , they can also actively communicate with local students to acquire more information about Australian culture , in order to fit in quickly .
I would like to work in a summer camp because I love them .
It would be fantastic to spend this summer in the USA .
I 'm studying teaching at college because I want to be a teacher .
When I finish my studies I will spend long hours with children .
My best skills are dealing with people as well as being able to do two things at the same time .
I take care of them and it makes me feel like a useful person .
I have been thinking about some ideas to help you to organize some sports or evening activities .
For instance , we could go swimming at the beach .
In the evenings we could tell them horror histories . Also , we could play with gestures .
In addition , we could play outdoor games and they could do landscape painting .
About working in the kitchen . It is n't a problem for me because I love cooking .
I am willing to cook a lot of different meals for them .
I used to work in a restaurant in Salou and it was quite satisfying .
I enjoy cooking , so I always make different kinds of food .
I think that I 'm a suitable person to look after them because I am quite responsible .
I 'm an energetic and responsible person .
If you have more questions about me , I 'd be glad to answer them .
I 'm a hard - working person , so that 's why I never have time to relax .
As children love playing , I think that I am a suitable person to do this because I am like a little girl .
If you give me a chance I will be very pleased .
To whom it may concern ,
My name is Margarita Varela and I 'm interested in the Summer camp Assistant 's position .
I am in my last year of a Visual Arts major .
I have a special interest in arts and crafts .
I am a responsible person who can cope in a crisis .
I took a First Aid course last year in order to know what to do in case of unexpected accidents .
Also , I have good social skills and can speak two languages ; English and Spanish .
My available time is on Mondays , Wednesdays and Fridays .
Then , I was wondering if food , accommodation and expenses are covered by you , or do you give any kind of help to your employees ? I would appreciate it a lot if you sent me this information .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Kind regards ,
Margarita Varela
The game of gentlemen is my favourite game . Yes , I mean cricket .
In my country , we follow cricket like a religion .
Cricket is played by 11 players , which includes a captain , a wicket keeper and the rest are batsmen and bowlers .
A player who can bat and bowl is called an all - rounder .
This game is played in three format i.e. Test Cricket ( 5 day game ) , One day Cricket , and Twenty - Twenty .
Test cricket is an old format and I love this format as it really tests the players ' skills and only the best player can achieve success in this format .
But as this takes 5 days , many people do n't have time to watch this game and its losing its popularity with the younger generation .
One day cricket is played often .
My favourite sport is football . I think this game is the most enjoyable .
Its popularity has spread all over the world too .
There are many reasons behind it being popular .
Everyone is able to enjoy the excitement throughout this game .
People who are eager to play football must follow some basic rules which are described below :
1 . A football player should be punctual and hard - working .
2 . He should be disciplined .
3 . During his playing time , he must give his full concentration .
Hi , I 'm Sangjin .
Do you have any different eating customs ?
If you have any special eating customs , will you tell me ?
It 's my project .
So . I need more information about eating customs in different countries .
In Korea , we usually use chopsticks when we eat meals and spoons as well .
Have you ever used chopsticks ?
It may be difficult for you .
When I was young , I could n't use them .
So , I have to learn to use chopsticks to eat .
Also ,
we have meal manners .
When we have a meal , we ca n't eat before our parents and older people start to eat .
We think it 's important to respect meal manners .
Well .
Have you ever heard of stamina food ?
When you feel really weak .
Then ?
We eat special stamina food .
We have many stamina foods . I think dog meat is a better stamina food than another meats .
This is because , when I was young , my parents fed it to me every summer season .
And they said it 's really good for your health .
So , I have eaten it every summer for 12 years .
I have to present this project next Monday .
So , tell me as soon as possible about your country 's special eating customs and manners , and stamina food as well .
Hi ,
I think that for people who want to learn English Write and Improve is great !
I like it very much . It is very useful for me .
I tried it last weekend and I will use it every day ! if I used it every day , I would improve in a short time !
Thank you for that advice .
Chiara
There is no doubt that man 's lives have evolved .
All thanks to new technologies , innovation in the field of medicine and new scientific discoveries .
To my mind , our lives have been improved in these years by smartphones , satnav , digital TV , the Internet ..
Let 's imagine a twenty - first century teenager in the Middle Ages . do n't get out alive without Wi - fii !
First of all , in the next 50 years people 's lives wo n't resemble at all this .
As far as I 'm concerned , we will be submerged by too many tools which will replace manpower and craft . In addition , globalization will destroy the cultural traditions of each country .
On the one hand , I 'm for progress . On the other hand , I hope that the new will not destroy the old .
Often , evolution is a return to origins , but I hope that man in the coming years will not forget the past .
Apart from that , I imagine the world with everything automatic , planes that take me from New York to Dubai in three hours and robots instead of waiters in a restaurant .
To conclude , I ca n't think what wonderful things man will do , but I hope they make the world even better !
Dear Sir / Madam ,
I am writing to apply for the job of camp organizer .
I have read the advertisement and I promise you that I am perfect for this post .
I 'm a veteran camper
and I know how to take care of a camp . I 'm funny and cheerful , but I 'm also professional , so I know how to take care of children .
I am an experienced cook , so I can also cook for the children . I am also a good singer , so we can sing songs together with the children .
So tell me what you think and let me know .
I 'm looking forward to hearing from you .
Your friend ,
Peter Hansen
I can not agree with the statement that there is " no future for public transport " given that the premise is " travelling by car is more convenient " .
First of all , public transport is rather more convenient than a private car .
The subway reaches most parts of London , and people can travel to many places .
The accessibility is not just improving underground , but also on the ground and bridging .
Therefore , public transport will have a brilliant future .
The environment is becoming a more and more burning issue , , especially from many years to nowadays .
That 's because pollution has now reached critical levels and that 's why we must get it under control and solve it .
We already know that a great part of the pollution comes from the exhaust fumes of the transport that invades cities worldwide .
However , we can already fight this - waiting for the development of advanced technology which can better exploit renewable , sustainable energy . For example , taking advantage of public transport .
The best idea is still , obviously , valorizing the use of bicycles .
Apart from that , even greater is the pollution of the seas and rivers .
Polluting them is like endangering the life of the whole world .
This is caused by the waste from factories , but also by the damage that tankers do not only to the sea , but to the mainland too .
In addition , what about domestic waste , which is our reality ? We should all learn to manage our waste , because each of us , in our own small way , is a great threat to the environment .
In conclusion , I think it is never too late to save our wonderful world .
Why not do it now ?
Hello Joe
It 's good to hear from you !
Well , in my hometown there are about a little more than half a million people .
The nicest places to go are the malls , because of the very hot weather .
But if you leave the city and travel about 30 km , there are a lot of rivers and waterfalls .
My best regards !
Thais
When you have the skill to read a book and , in that moment , you are searching for a good job , you can find a lot of jobs because you can develop easily when you compare yourself with another person who has been searching for a job too
My favourite restaurant is in Modugno .
It 's located in a quiet street , so the restaurant is often very relaxing , especially between 8 and 9 pm .
The furniture consists of a set of chairs , tables and some sofas , covered with red cloths .
The restaurant looks very elegant and traditional .
Usually , there is no music in the restaurant .
The owner prefers to leave only the TV on , but often the dining room is silent .
In this way , customers can have the chance to have a conversation , without being annoyed by television or music .
I find it appreciable : I really love to talk to the people I 'm eating with .
Despite this , the restaurant is decorated with a full set of musical instruments , hung up on the walls .
I really like it , because I love music and I enjoy trying to guess which instrument I 'm looking at .
You can eat different types of pizza , starters and pasta there .
Everything is delicious and very tasty , especially the pizzas : they dress them in many different ways . I try a different meal every time I go there .
Finally , it is not expensive at all .
She finally felt that she was wanted , that she could do anything she wanted , and that no one is more clever than another , they 're all the same .
The thoughts which people put in her mind were completely wrong . She ca n't deny that those thoughts affected her badly , brought her to the point that they made her hate herself .
The words they said to her were deadly ones , they colored her life black . till it 's the only time to prove to them that she can do anything , she 's good at everything like them all , that she just did n't want to do it like them all as she just hated the way
That 's it , not because of being non - clever .
Being unsuccessful at studying is a horrible thing , it affects people badly .
That was me . I never liked studying , I never found myself in those subjects , but it was n't a big deal to me . I hated being seen as unsuccessful or a loser , as I was n't that . I knew that I was clever enough to study all these subjects and do well in exams so I can get high marks , but they all did n't get that . They judged me for my marks , but marks do n't form brains or thoughts , marks are n't the only way that makes you great now or in the future .
Whatever . In high school , the senior year here in our country identifies your future ; the college you 'll spend your life studying in and working for its knowledge , so I got that I should do my best this year so my future would be better . And it happened . I showed them all that I can do whatever I want , even if the things I was n't like they see me , and that all my previous marks were n't my best . I got a high score and entered The faculty of Engineering , which was the top college .
People 's thoughts have the power to make you feel the best feeling ever and literally the opposite . Just do n't think about anyone 's thoughts but yours , as you have control of your life not anyone else .
Your thoughts are the only ones that will make the difference , so take care only of them and believe in yourself so you can achieve the prestige you 're looking for .
Do n't give anyone the opportunity to make you give up , and continue in a successful life . Fight .
Hello camps !
I am Montaña Tomaso and I am twenty - four years old .
I read this announcement today .
I am interested in the work .
I am studying primary education because I love children .
I would like to play with the children , to do sport and dance with them .
I could help in the kitchen , too .
I love cooking .
My best dishes are chicken and omelets .
I hope that we can work together .
I promise that if I go to the camps , we will have a good time and we will laugh a lot .
Hi Luke , I tried the program called Write and Improve for a week and I liked it .
Although I do n't have a teacher available there , the program helps a lot because the corrections appear at the same time as you check it .
I intend to write every day to practise my writing .
I believe that it 's a good thing to share with everyone .
You should shout it from the rooftops !
On our earth , hundreds of millions of people live .
Apart from us . there is also a large amount of wildlife .
All of us need air , water and food .
Humans also want houses , and transport facilities .
A great number of buildings stand on the land ,
even though the place probably should belong to animals .
We build roads for us and make life easy and better .
However , we forget the one important thing : the earth belongs to all life .
Our flats and houses make the other animals lose their homes , and it leads to environmental deterioration .
We make the transport easy . However , we take away other animal s ' lives through carelessness .
THE PERSON I ADMIRE IS MY BROTHER . HE IS THE OLDER THAN MY OTHER BROTHERS . HE WAS BORN IN 1970 . MY PARENTS TELL ME HE WAS A GOOD BOY WHEN HE WAS A CHILD .
THE REASON WHY I ADMIRE HIM IS BECAUSE HE WAS DETERMINED WHEN HE WON A SCHOLARSHIP TO STUDY MEDICINE IN RUSSIA . HE LIVED THERE FOR 7 YEARS .
HE HAD TO LEARN ANOTHER LANGUAGE AND LIVE IN A COUNTRY VERY DIFFERENT TO OURS .
MY PARENTS AND I FEEL PROUD OF HIM .
NOW , HE IS THE BEST MEDICAL INTERNAL . HE HAS A BEAUTIFUL FAMILY .
I live in Taiwan , Taichung .
How does the area take care of the environment ?
It builds a lot of facilities for residents .
For example , lots of bicycles .
This are provided for people who want to go to a place that is not too far away .
And it raises another question : morality .
People probably destroy those bikes , and cause bikes to become less and less .
But , fortunately , people living in this area all use these bikes carefully , so we do n't care so much about that .
The second facility is public buses .
Large numbers of buses all around the city .
When students finish their classes , they take the bus home .
Workers , when they are off duty , take the bus home , too .
And when the weekend is coming .
Family can take the bus from place to place , instead of driving .
It makes a father or mother 's life more convenient !
Third , lots of green areas .
Taichung has plenty of trees in the park .
So when children are playing around these trees , they can feel more healthy with clean air .
And let 's talk about the bigger area , Taiwan .
Taiwan has a complete traffic system .
Train , bus , Mass Rapid Transit , and aeroplane .
People living in Taiwan , no matter whether you are local people or not , can use all of these facilities .
And lots of city administrations advocate protecting animals .
Good afternoon USA SUMMER CAMPS committee
I am Julia Timmerman from the Netherlands and I read your advertisement about working in summer camps in the USA .
I would really enjoy doing this job in the summer , because I love to look after children , teach them things and do sport with them .
Since I was 13 , I 've been teaching children from 8 - 9 years old how to play hockey and I am still doing and enjoying this .
I also would like to do this because I have always wanted to visit the United States and I love sport .
I can work really hard if it 's needed and am very energetic , so I think and hope I am a suitable person for the job and I would really enjoy the job and looking after children .
Kind regards ,
Julia Timmerman , The Netherlands
It was directed by Richard Curtis .
This movie is called " About Time " .
The main character is Tim .
When he was 21 years old , his father told him something about his family 's secret .
It 's quite a strange sounds , because his father , grandfather , and great - grandfather had travelled in time .
He could n't believe that .
But it 's so simple .
Go to a dark place , and then ckeuck the fist .
After the action , he can go to a time in the past .
After he knew the truth , he moved to London for his job .
He tried to go out with her .
So he used to his ability to time travel for his family .
Finally , he married Marry .
After they married , he and his family faced a difficult situation .
He wants to fix the problem , but his father says to him ,
" If you have a great time with your family and co - workers , it is not necessary to time travel .
Just enjoy your life day by day , and be thankful for an ordinary day . "
He realized what that means .
I watched this movie several times after I arrived in the UK .
It 's good for studying English as well as for the plot .
If you like a good drama , you will love it .
I 'm sure you would like this movie .
I am writing to tell you about the Spanish military academy .
This school is located in Marin , which is in northern Spain near Pontevedra .
The school is the Spanish institution in charge of training the Spanish navy officer class .
And it was established in 1943 . Moreover , there are not only the royal navy but also the royal marine corps .
Students have to study two parts , which are the engineering part and the military part .
In the engineering part , there are a lot of laboratories , which help us to easily understand about subjects such as Physics , Chemistry or even Economics .
In the military part , there are many obstacles and weapons for the marine corps .
And there is a lot of equipment for the navy cadets .
For example , the planetarium in a navigation room for learning about the position of stars , four small boats used to practice leadership and navigation in the Pontevedra river , or even the simulation for creating situations which seldom arise .
To sum up , the Spanish military academy has a lot of equipment for teaching future officers .
On the other hand , five years in school are not superficial because now there are not only the military subjects but also the engineering subjects .
But , I am really proud of my school .
It gives me a lot of knowledge which I need to use in my future career .
A lot of people use public transport every day in this world , but some people prefer to use their own car to go to work , school , or whatever .
Some people have their own car , but prefer to use public transport .
Today , on the roads there are a lot of cars , buses , motorcycles , and other kinds of transportation .
All people should use their own cars to go somewhere only when it 's necessary , because each car on the road is bad for our environment .
All people should use public transport to reduce the number of cars on the road
I know a good restaurant . Its name is " Moonlight " . It is located in Abbas elakad St.
It is large , clean and comfortable and has air conditioning and internet wifi .
It offers many kinds of delicious foods , like meat , chicken , seafood , and if you want something different , you will find it there . It is suitable for my class because it is different from any other restaurant .
In my city there is an old town which was declared in 1986 World 's Most Beautiful City .
One of the most famous buildings is the Churruca Earl Palace , which has a medieval tower with battlements ( the rest of the towers in the city do not have them because the Muslims took them out ) .
It is also important because , during the Civil War , General Franco lived there for a week .
There is an office with so many things that he had there .
If you want , you can visit it .
Nowadays , the Palace has a very good restaurant with a comfortable patio where you can taste the most exclusive products from Extremadura .
The present chapter aims to introduce audiovisual translation ( AVT ) - one of the most popular types of translation nowadays .
Audiovisual translation brings a lot of dilemmas and constraints over which translators must agonise .
But there are a variety of techniques which help to tackle these kinds of problems .
So , I will elaborate on this subject .
The chapter will also cover the definition of the notion of puns as a stylistic feature and how puns are transferred from one language into another .
As an extension of this , I will evaluate whether the effect of the pun in the original version is maintained in the dubbed version .
I live in Serdobsk .
The people in my town take care of the environment .
The garbage cans are around each home .
Garbage trucks pick them up twice a week .
There are many small garbage cans around cafes , stores , and other public places .
Every morning , a special truck cleans the roads and pavements .
The advance of technology in recent years has been awesome .
The first computer was created in 1946 by John W. Mauchly and J. Presper Eckert in the United States .
In 1960 , computers were very basic .
They were bigger and heavier than today and they were very expensive .
The keyboard had a lot of buttons and the screen did n't have any colours .
Computers did n't have any programs and as a result were limited , boring and tedious .
These days , computers are multifunctional .
For example , they have Internet access .
WiFi , USB port , among other things .
These computers are very popular .
They are faster and smaller than before and you need a mouse to use them .
Their screen has colours and HD .
Hi Maxi !
How are you ?
In my last week , I went to Florida with my family .
I went to the beach and played volleyball with my brother and sister .
Then we went to the cinema and saw the Harry Potter film .
My brother went to the NBA league and saw the Arenas vs Orlando match . And now I am going to my house and then I 'm going to invite friends over .
Tomorrow I 'm going to play soccer with my friends .
See you next weekend !
IGNACIO
In my opinion , public transport has a future because it is cheaper than other modes of transport , also it pollutes less .
The car is a more comfortable mode of transport than public transport , but it is not sustainable , its cost is higher , and if all people travel by car , the cities will be very polluted .
Also , in the big cities , the public transport is more punctual than the car because public transport usually has its own lane , while if you use a car , you take more time because there is a lot of traffic in your lane .
Another mode of transport that could be commonly used in the future is the bike . This mode of transport is cheap and ecological . Also , more and more the cities are building a lot of bike lanes , so it is a good alternative .
For travelling to other cities or town , in my opinion , the car will remain the most used mode of transport , although new modes of transport could change this situation .
Finally , I think that the most used mode of transport in the cities in the future will be the bus , metro and bike , and for travelling between cities , the car will remain the most used .
Dear James ,
Thank you for inviting me !
It was really enjoyable and fun .
I was especially delighted with the national music and Latin American dances .
I would like to invite you to the celebration of my birthday in two weeks .
Bye !
Your dear , Vitaly
There is no future for public transport , because travelling by car is so much more convenient .
Nowadays , more and more people have their own car .
When they go to work or for other purposes , they choose to drive by themselves .
People do n't need to wait for public transport if they are driving their own cars .
It is not only convenient , but also time - saving .
With these benefits , it seems that there will be fewer and fewer people willing to take public transport .
Dear sir ,
I am writing to you about the advertisement in the Mirror daily newspaper .
I am really very interested in the job on your summer camp . I have worked for seven months in Spain in a similar job .
I can speak several languages , like Spanish , English and Russian .
by the time I have studied for a degree in journalism .
I am available to start to work immediately .
I am looking forward to hearing from you soon .
Your faithfully .
Rafa
My favourite sport is football .
I have played this sport since I was a child , and today I still love it .
The dream of every person that plays this sport , is to make it a profession as well as a hobby , but very few people make it .
Nowadays , I play football twice a week , on Monday and Friday , because for me it has remained a hobby .
I like to play football because , for me , as well as a hobby , it is a way to stand back from the world , from the problems that I have to face every day , and at the end , it makes me calm and happy .
I recommend this sport to everyone , because it could be , as it is for me , a moment to distract you from the world , a moment to spend without thinking about tomorrow .
Football could be one way to meet your friends , and to spend time with them .
Trust me , I 'm right .
My undergraduate studies in Pharmacy at the University of Asia Pacific gave me a solid background in the health care sector and chemistry , as well as a strong theoretical framework , while allowing me to explore my personal interests in pharmaceutical technology .
This undergraduate work along with diversified professional experience helped shape the specific research interests that now drive me to pursue graduate work in the field of industrial pharmacology and gave me the opportunity to learn and work with the new medicines and delivery methods , ensuring their safety and quality academic and research opportunities for my interest in pharmaceuticals as a scientific career .
Dear Kennedy
I am very grateful for your invitation to the interview .
I am glad to tell you that I am able to come on February 16th at 10:00am . I would appreciate it if you could reserve a parking space for me .
Could you please tell me how long the interview will be ?
Kind regards
Andrés Fernández
I Live in Egypt .
It has a lot of historical places .
The most historical place is the Pyramids . They were built more than 7000 years ago .
If any tourist decides to visit the Pyramids , he / she should enjoy riding a camel , horse or buggy .
Also , taking some pictures will be a great idea .
The pyramids are famous because of the way they were built . It was a great job by the Egyptians .
Many people think that parents are responsible for the bad behaviour of young people and they should be punished for that .
I agree with that only in part , because in my opinion there are some more reasons .
First of all , when children are small , they are polite and always listen to parents . For example , they do homework , go to sleep at regular hours and come back home after school .
This is a time when parents can create behaviour of their children , because when they grow up , they begin to rebel and do things which are good in their opinion .
Secondly , other factors have an impact on the behaviour of older children like teenagers , it is not only their parents but other people , who surround them .
It is a time when children must choose which people are good or bad , and which way they will go in a difficult situation . For example , will they drink alcohol or will they have fun without any stimulants ?
If they choose bad , they could begin to stop doing things which were important to them in previous periods in their lives .
In summary , I would like to point out that the most impact for young people have their own , because life is a time when people only choose .
Parents are very important , because they can suggest some solutions , but final decisions must be taken by their children .
The Great Wall is a great military construction in China , known as a miracle in the history of ancient human construction .
The existing Great Wall was mainly built in the 15th century of Ming . The Great Wall has a total length of 8851.8 kilometres .
It is a symbol of China , along with Tiannanmen Square and the Terra Cotta Warriors and Horses .
It was listed as a world heritage sight in December , 1987 .
The area of the Great Wall has been inhabited by many ethnic groups since ancient times .
The development of each nation and their relationship is the key point to observing and understanding the area of the Great Wall .
This week was a little bit difficult because it was the beginning of classes . I got up early to be on time for my classes and to start with all the enthusiasm in the new semester .
The next day , Tuesday , it was hard for me to get up , but the simple fact of seeing my classmates meant it was so much easier .
I arrived at school with all the energy , and I decided that this semester will be better than the last .
Thus , the classes have just begun with new teachers and others who have already taught me .
What is difficult is that teachers have already given us all the homework for the week .
Later , I went to my house with my mom and I helped her make the meal and did the washing up .
After that , I did my homework because I had a lot of it and it was pretty hard .
So , every day I am kept awake .
My dad told me to do my best and if this semester goes well for me , my dad will give me a tablet , because I really need one .
So this is my week .
However , on Saturday I went to English class in the evening .
Later , my parents , my brother and I went to turn around to relax from all the stress of the week .
Finally , on Sunday I rested at home with my family .
Every second , every day , every week , every year , life goes on and humans discover a new thing .
Scientists try to make people 's lives easier , but that 's harmful for people 's health because that makes people not move and get more fat .
In the future , cars will fly and be faster .
We wo n't use oil as a fuel .
We will find new sources of energy which will be clean and cheap .
Renewable and new energy is clean and so cheap , we can use the sun 's rays to generate electricity for houses and cars .
Computers will write what you think , mobiles will be smaller and lighter .
Tourists will travel to other planets . People will live on the moon and under the seas or oceans .
Working as an ITC is very exciting because you need to program everything , it is like a challenge , although you can do different things . You can be on duty in your house and deal with your boss by cellphone , so do n't be alarmed if your children bother you .
It is a little stressful when you have a lot of work . I hope when I have my job I will be in charge of IT department security .
It 's a very worthwhile job .
I agree with that opinion because I do n't like shopping at all .
I think it 's very silly when you go to the store and you have no money .
But you want to see all the goods and maybe buy one of the products .
It looks very stupid .
But if you have a lot of money you can go and buy something you really need .
Everyone has an opinion on this statement .
There is no accounting for tastes and I can not answer for everyone .
I do n't know my name . I do n't know my age . All I know is that I want to be a great woman . I want the world to hear my voice , to prove that I can do it . I can do anything . I am not weak . I have woman power .
Michael went into the teacher 's office , but he found that his teacher was n't there . Maybe the teacher had gone to the bathroom . Suddenly , the door was opened by a teacher , a teacher who was wearing a bikini came into sight . This incident came as quite a surprise to Michael . She flirted with Michael . Michael felt excited but ran out of the office , but he regretted his action . Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Dear Bob ,
I am so pleased to write this letter for you .
I worked at a local cinema last summer .
I would like to tell you about this experience and how much I enjoyed working in there .
As you know , my hobby is going to the movies , so you can image how happy I was when I got this job .
I was responsible for selling the movie tickets and having a good time .
How about you ?
Best regards , and look forward to your reply .
Bill
Dear Mrs Kate Ashby
I am writing in connection with the advertisement for a job in Green Pepper Cafe .
I would like to have this job and I think I would be suitable for it .
I have all the needed traits for this job : knowledge of cooking , politeness and diligence at work .
In addition , I want to say that I always try to do all my duties with responsibility .
I am looking forward to hearing from you if you are interested in my application .
Sincerely ,
Kim Page .
Once upon a time , a young boy called Michael was walking beside a beautiful lake .
When he looked into the water , he found a little ill frog .
After that , Michael decided to bring it home because the frog was very ill .
The frog got well while it was at home for two months .
However , Michael discovered that it was a bad wizard .
The wizard attacked him and he went away from home .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake because he lost his house .
It was a hot , sunny day . Peter decided to go to the waterfront promenade and have a walk .
He was feeling so free because of the fresh air .
Suddenly , he heard a hihg - pitched scream .
Then he saw a woman starting to jump over the enclosure !
Peter thought that he must do something quickly to prevent her from committing suicide .
He shouted out for help , but no one was around .
So he immediately contacted the police for help .
In the flash of an eye , the police came .
Finally , the life of the woman was saved by the police and the police thanked Peter for helping them .
The person I most admire is called Ronaldinho , a football player who , in my opinion , is the best of all time .
He won only one golden ball , but he should have won more than that .
He mostly played in the number 10 even though he also played in numbers 80 and 45 .
He was born in Porto Alegre , in 1980 , and played in several teams , like Barcelona and AC Milan .
The skills he has are wonderful . He knows everything about football , his passes were fantastic , he passed the ball even with his back !
Even though most people think that Messi or Ronaldo Nazario are even better than him , other people think the same as me .
There are 3 bedrooms and 3 bathrooms .
The kitchen looks small and simple .
The living room shares an area with the dining room .
We have a small garden .
My mom likes growing plants such as vegetables .
t all started when I found a book on the bus .
This book got me interested and I began reading more and more . The more I read , the more I loved it . At this time nothing mattered to me . I wanted to finish the book as soon as possible . I do not know the end , but I wanted the end of the book to be amazing , but at the same time , I did not finish the book because the mystery to open up finished in .
In the end , a lady interrupted me and I was angry about the situation .
That was the reason I did not finish the book .
Nowadays our world is fighting every day against different problems . One day there is the problem of violence , one day the atmospheric conditions , or many other problems .
Today we can try to imagine how our lives might change in the next 50 years , if they will be better or worse .
In my opinion , everyone 's life will see a great improvement , from the economic point of view , but also from the social and cultural one .
It is known that in the future there will come a day when any kind of unrenewable resource will run out .
But I imagine that in the next years we can begin to spread the use of alternative resources , such as electricity generated by the light of the sun 's rays .
Or in addition , we could use the energy generated by the environment , such as the wind or inorganic waste .
Maybe there will also be great new discoveries in medicine that will make all kinds of disease disappear .
To sum up , I think that we should expect a great future in which man will regain possession of his whole capability and , thanks to that , he will change everyone 's lives for the better .
Today I was at the university learning new things .
My friends are Mariana , Cristina , Fernando , Jose , Pedro and Ivan .
They are good people .
Mariana loves Panda songs .
Cristina really likes dogs and she is very pretty .
Fernando is a young man , he likes to listen to English music .
Jose is not at my university but we are good friends .
Pedro is a good friend , he loves to read books and he works with your mother .
Ivan is from Machachi . He is not studying anything but I am sure that he is a great person .
We are from Ecuador and live in Pichincha .
I am from Ecuador and live in Machachi .
Machachi is a nice town .
I am 20 years old .
When I was a child I wanted to be a doctor .
Two years ago , I won a nice cap .
There are 6 people in my house .
We came from Loja to live in Machachi .
I grew up in Machachi .
I like to travel .
Last month I went to Machalilla National Park with my friends .
It is a free park .
Los Frailes is in Machalilla National Park . It is a wonderful beach , the sand is very white .
I really love that beach .
I 'm interested in one sport ; football .
Because it 's the most common sport in the world as well as because I 'm good at football , I play football with my friends every weekend and always play on Tuesday evening .
Also , it 's good for fitness and health .
I 'd like to give you some advice about how to start playing this sport .
I think it 's a good idea if you buy some equipment for football and practise with your friends before matches at home or in the playground for two or three days .
Next , you can play with anyone with confidence and control .
Moreover , sometimes why do n't you run in the morning ?
In my opinion , it 's useful for playing football .
THANKS
I understand what you mean , because cars are so convenient , as you said .
You can go anywhere , anytime you want .
You do n't need to worry about timetables .
Also , during your journey , you might be able to stay overnight in your own car .
But nowadays , cars are one of the reasons causing global warming and air pollution .
Car companies try to spread electric cars , but it seems to take a long time .
And some people have already switched to using public transport like trains or buses .
Moreover , it 's still popular to travel for long journeys on trains or ships because the scenery you can see from them is totally different from that from cars .
For these reasons , I do n't think there is no future for public transport .
" Annabelle " is a horror movie which I am going to watch this Saturday .
I am wondering if I will be scared after the movie .
The movie is about a doll called Annabelle which was kept in a museum in Conecticut where she is visited by a priest who blesses her twice a month .
John From finds the perfect gift for his pregnant wife : a beautiful doll dressed in a wedding dress .
Unfortunatelly , in a horrible night , the couple 's house is invaded by a Satanist group who attack them and leave just blood behind them .
The Satanists invoked an evil entity that is capable of the worst things ... Annabelle .
After Mia gives birth to her daughter Lilly , Annabelel wants to kill her .
Even the priest doesn ' t know how to help the unhappy familly .
Everyone is terrified and finds out that a demon is attached to the doll .
Idon't know the end of the story , but I do n't think that it is a happy one ...
The aim of this report is to highlight how the citizens take care of the environment , in order to give suggestions to keep this area clean .
In the matter of that , information concerning what people do , or could do , is going to be shown .
Few people who live in suburban areas have the following routine :
1 Check if your dog or anyone else 's pet damages streets or gardens .
2 Divide wet rubbish from products which can not be recycled .
3 Denounce those who leaves rubbish in the wrong places .
Disadvantages :
If the majority of citizens , including the ones who live in the city centre , followed these ideas , this city would definitely be cleaner .
Unfortunately , deeper problems are linked to the difficulty that all the inhabitants have respecting those principles .
Some think that volunteers should involve careless people in many projects to keep their city attractive and marvelous .
It is proven that being part of a project always makes people feel useful .
I would , therefore , recommend this idea .
Nowadays , we can see that , increasingly , public transport needs to improve the quality of its services . People need this kind of transport daily to go to work , go to school and in general depend so much on public transport .
The government can improve public transport by making a great investment like changing the old vehicles for new and increasing the number of buses , trains and building more bus stops and trains stations . This kind of action will help a lot to improve the quality of public transport for the population and will make the life of the people easier .
Today , many people prefer to travel by car than public transport because of the bad quality of services , and because the bus and the trains are full and many times are also dirty and late .
However , if this situation does not change and if our government do not take providence about this important issue , it will be the end of transport public and it will be more convenient to use a car .
I am writing this letter because we need to improve the school gym .
The gym has many problems that we are going to describe :
The first problem is that we do n't have enough apparatus for all of the students .
The second problem is about that some apparatus are not working well because the school hasn't done maintenance a since long time ago .
For the first problem , in my opinion , the school should buy some other apparatus , because there are not enough for all of the students ,
For the second problem , the solution , for me , is to hire someone to do the maintenance and say to all of the students to take care of the school 's machines .
I hope my proposal will be useful to you .
I look forward to hearing from you soon .
Sebastián Ferrari
I work as freelancer journalist , prepare reports dealing with the whole situation in the city of Jerusalem , and publish my reports on many of the websites .
I am also committed to preparing monthly reports for the newspaper supplement " The Voice of Women " which is published by the WATC ; the " Women 's Affairs Technical Committee , and I have a collaboration with Environment and Development , a magazine which is published by the Center for development work " Maan " , and other websites and news and media organizations .
The world is sadly lacking in an environmental mind . As a consequence , it caused global warming , which is the most important global problem . It does n't matter to more than three quarters of the world 's population .
Currently , we have got more than six different types of banks on our streets , but as far as I know , it is not sufficient to meet the needs of the environment because , nowadays , we produce a lot of different materials , all of them overproduced and we only learn about this in our home , in our childhood . Accordingly , I am one of the few teenagers in the world worried about it , so I really do help the environment as far as I can .
First of all , at home we recycle plastic , glass , paper and cartons , oils , clothes , batteries , putting organic matter in a special composting bank so that we avoid burning or burying in excess those scraps with other materials , and , finally , all the other things are sent to a special tip so that we avoid dropping them anywhere . Then , when I have time and I see a senior citizen in the street putting their scraps in the wrong bank , I explain to them how they have to recycle and how important it is for our environment that we carefully recycle .
A couple of years ago , I could hardly see any bins in supermarkets and houses .
Nowadays , I see bins everywhere and even a small child of 3 being taught to put unwanted materials in the bin .
It is truly an amazing experience and how much progress my small village has made in 2 years .
However , separate bins for different categories of rubbish are not provided .
So , we can easily see people throwing everything in the same bin .
In spite of throwing rubbish in a bin , we also do some harm to the environment unknowingly .
As there are different kinds of materials , rubbish , some are recyclable and some are not .
In my opinion , in the next 50 years , the population will increase and there wo n't be resources enough for everybody .
There will be on other planets , for example the moon , many citadels inside enormous domes .
Then , I suppose that in every country much more renewable energy will be used instead of nuclear energy to ensure a secure future for the next generations , and maybe everybody will use electric cars to reduce the atmospheric pollution .
People 's lives will be changed even by policy and the economy .
I hope that in the future there will not be any wars caused by the economic crisis .
I think that public transport has a future . Indeed , travelling in a car is much more comfortable , because you do n't have to walk to take a bus or the underground .
But there 's a thing . No one has enough money to buy a car or maybe two . That 's why there are a lot of people who prefer public transport .
Perhaps in the future public transport could be more comfortable for the rest of the people who do n't have a car .
I think that there is n't a future for public transport because , nowadays , people usually use their own private car .
This has some advantages , such as it being more comfortable and faster .
When you travel by bus , you must have a timetable and it is less comfortable than travelling by car .
However when you go by car you can take your car whenever you want .
Sometimes , private transport is cheaper if you go with other people .
For example , when you go by car you can go with other people , so you pay less money for petrol .
On the other hand , private transport is damaging for the planet and we must take care of the planet . We can help to prevent the pollution of the environment if we take public transport , which does n't pollute .
At the moment , there is more than one car per person . That is a problem for me because people do n't take care the of environment .
They prefer to be comfortable .
In conclusion , using public transport causes less damage to the environment and most people prefer .
I want to describe a famous actor from my country . He is Sergey Bezrukov .
He performs in many interesting movies and operas .
Some of them I saw when I was a young girl .
He has very important skills for an actor . These are charisma and charm .
What is more , he is a good husband and a good father to his children .
I think he deserves to be famous because he is a very talented person .
Now he has founded his own company .
I am planning to visit his company .
One of his interesting films is about a musician , and it was popular between 1980 and 2000 .
Its title is " Visockiy " .
Life is unpredictable and unforeseen .
The immense possibilities of life give us the opportunity to explore life but sometimes it leads to threats and dangers to our life .
We surely pray for the best life of our near and dear ones .
But insurance is also a necessity and indispensable for peace of mind . It gives us surety to live life securely .
It is not only to save our life but also secure assets like houses , cars etc .
The insurance for non - accidental death is known as general insurance and for life is known as life insurance .
But we still sell it not buy it .
A number of countries give attention and provide secure life for their citizens , but our country is still under - insured .
The government should play a key role by providing trustworthy organizations , surveyors , loss assessors etc .
To inform people by running awareness campaigns .
To provide insurance at nominal prices , and making claims should be easy . Give surety so that people can accept and trust the insurance companies .
The can play an important role in it .
It gives competition to national companies . By virtue of which they work properly mannerly and give better option to policy holders . People can always buy a nominal premium we should inform them about the types of insurance as well as the benefits of insurance .
Soccer is one of the most games in the world and I like it very much .
I love soccer because when I was child my brothers took me with them to the club and I enjoyed it when I watched them .
In fact , I really enjoy it when I play soccer for many reasons .
First , soccer is a very famous game in the world and a lot of people like to play soccer and I try to play like them .
For example , I can watch a lot of matches a day and I enjoy it when I watch famous players such as Cristiano Ronaldo for Real Madrid and Messy for Barcelona .
Second , soccer is a very interesting game , because when I play soccer I feel very happy .
Moreover , soccer helps the human body to be very healthy , because when someone plays soccer , his body becomes strong .
Finally , I like playing soccer because , like me , most of my friends play soccer a lot every day and that makes me love it so much .
I would like to say to anyone who wants to play soccer to be very careful when he plays it , because it can cause a lot of injuries . But at the same time , it is a very nice game .
Hello John !
I read your e - mail , so let 's talk about books ! I usually read a book in my free time , because I prefer stories to short articles .
Recently , I read four great books about Shoah . They were very interesting . My favourite was : " The Book Thief " . I read it for school , but I had already seen the film of this book .
It 's a very moving book , but it is n't difficult . I think it 's for teenagers , but it is also good for adults .
I love the fact that in this book there are a lot of German words , so I could also improve my German ( I go to a languages high school ) .
And what about your book ?
What are you reading ?
I hope you 'll answer me soon .
Bye Serena
Last Friday I visited Balla without any planning .
I usually wake up at 10 am , but on that day my father called me at 8:00 am and asked me to go to Balla with them .
He usually avoids me in this kind of situation .
Nowadays , he treats me as botheration .
That is why I was very surprised .
The reason he asked me to go to Balla was because Noman would feel lonely there as Badhon and her mother were not going .
I was hesitant but later decided to go .
Actually , I did n't have enough courage to say no to my father .
I got ready very quickly so I did n't do my morning exercises .
We had been told earlier that Abul kaka had got a very nice PAJERO Jeep from the office . Nonetheless , the performance of the vehicle was awful that day .
It stalled in the road several times while we were on the way there .
So I was feeling very anxious in case the car broke down on Aricha highway .
Because I was so sure Abul kaka and Noman would prefer Aricha highway rather than the Singair road .
I do n't feel comfortable on highways for many reasons .
Those are the most dangerous roads in the country . If there is an alternate way , I always use that .
That 's why when I go to the village I like to use the Singair Road rather than the DHAKA - ARICHA highway .
My father also uses this road .
When I was a youngster , my father and I rode a motorcycle to visit our place using this road .
As I was a kid I fell asleep sometimes .
Maybe it 's because of that I have a high regard for the road .
Noman took the front seat .
Though he was unwilling to sit there because Abul kaka or my father should be seated there .
But they insist him .
So we four were occupying the back seat uncomfortably .
When the car stopped to get oil at a service station near Gilando , my father asked me to go onto the very back seats of the jeep .
I thought I should n't go because those benches were disgraceful for me .
I felt like I was being deprived by my family .
If I were in a better position , it could not happen to me .
People humiliate me in many ways because I do n't earn any money .
I find it very painful when my parents do it to me .
I keep a cool head and try to overcome the situation by thinking one day I will prove myself . I know who I am and what I 'm doing .
My thoughts are unquestionably better than others ' .
Hence , I 'm waiting for a good time .
We reached our home at 1:00 pm and planned to return to Dhaka at 4:00 pm .
It gave the impression that only going and coming back in a big car was the main purpose of the trip .
That was ridiculous .
That day I spent most of my time with Noman with his over - talking habit .
My usual stance with this kind of person is to listen .
We visited Nagar chak with much anticipation .
In this season I like to see the sun shine .
The crystal clear and mild sun is a great favorite of mine .
While I was listening to Noman , I was discerning that I should question more .
When he talks he makes many mistakes because of his over - talking habit .
At 4:00 pm we set off for Dhaka was an early move because of the faulty car .
I fell asleep as soon as we crossed Jhitka bazar and when I woke up , we had crossed Tora Bridge .
We stopped our car at a roadside tea stall to take tea .
Then we set off for Dhaka .
We talked about a lot of things .
When we talked to our seniors , I think I had to control myself though they talked about unreal things .
They prefer industrialization to nature .
At the same time , they also keep saying that nature was more green and vigorous in their time .
A neverending argument took place and thus we reached Dhaka .
Travelling or moving from one place to another by car is much more convenient than public transport .
By car , you can go wherever you want on time , with no need to wait for hours at the stations for a bus or subway train .
It is faster and cleaner and much more comfortable .
For example , if you are in a hurry and want to reach the place you are heading to , you can drive as fast as possible .
You can have some other choices , for example , you can stop to buy something : water , juice or a snack if you get hungry during your journey or thirsty .
You can even take a rest for a while to sleep or to have a nap .
You wo n't suffer anymore from the trouble or annoying stuff on bus most of the time , like no room for you to sit , bad smells people can make , or getting bothering or bushing .
It 's convenient .
But , on the other hand , because , recently , the traffic has been terrifically unbearable : so many cars ; very noisy ; unclean air produced , public transport has become better for saving the planet .
All over the world , people always need advice to keep looking after their environments . First , the municipal should do workshops in schools and universities providing students with tips that should help us to make our environment clean . Second , they should run awareness campaigns about the environment ; for example , telling people to put their rubbish in waste paper baskets , which helps workers to recycle it easily . Finally , to stay healthy , we need a healthy environment .
I used to find a kung - fu sensei to teach me .
But in the region where I live I had not found one .
suddenly , a krav maga class started in a gym close to my house .
I did not think twice .
I went there and signed up .
I discovered a new world .
It is good self defence ... it is object , simple and fast .
Krav maga teaches us how to handle ourselves in difficult situations .
Sometimes we are with people that we love .
When someone wants to hurt our relatives or friends , we must do something .
There are a lot of bad people in the street .
If it was not true , life would be so much better .
The most exciting day of my life was when my sister and I discovered that we would spend one week on a cruise with our friends ! That was a very beautiful holiday !
We spent a lot of time together every day ; we visited some fantastic cities in Greece , like Santorini , Athens and many others .
In Italy we also visited Bari and Venice , too .
Every day we spent time on the beach and in the sea .
Every evening we went to the restaurant on the cruiser .
The meals were very good and in the morning I ate English breakfast or eggs and bread because I wanted to change my routine while I was on the cruise .
I think it was the most exciting holiday I 've ever had and my favourite too .
My classmates and I along with our teachers and other classes went to the cinema to see the film " Fantastic Boccaccio " .
It was an interesting experience to go to the cinema for my class and see a film about what I had studied in the Italian lesson and understand better the stories of Boccaccio , one of the most important Italian writers .
Watching the film , we had the possibility to see the characteristics of Boccaccio 's main characters and the different places where the stories took place .
In my opinion , the film was very well made : the registers of the film ( there are two ) tell us five novels with only one main protagonist : love in every situation .
The registers of the film said that they wanted to create a film without time , and they were able to do this .
The scenery in the film , the costumes and the music are very beautiful and I recommend this film to all of my friends .
In the past century , we have seen lots of changes in the world .
It 's obvious that life nowadays is really different from 50 years ago , so we can predict that people 's lives will change dramatically in the next 50 years .
When it comes to change , we can think of what in our lives is still inconvenient and could probably change .
Most of the work will probably be done by machines . People who lack academic qualifications might find it very hard to get a job . Knowledge might be in demand if people live in the future .
There are some issues that make me worried . The environment is getting worse . We have to come up with methods to solve this and save our Earth .
The relationships between countries are also significant , as we can see discord between countries , hoping that it will not lead to war .
Television entertains as well as educates people .
These days , people are educating themselves by watching the television .
Televison not only provides entertainment , it will also give lots of information about the events around the globe .
Channels like National Geographic and Animal Planet will tell us the animal behaviour and the origins of species .
Few programmes some intellectual programs will increase the creativity of the people .
When Michael woke up that morning he smelled a strange smell in the air . He did not know what what the source of that strange smell was but , in his nose , he received a kind of sign something bad had happened .
Very quickly he got up and tried to put that sensation out of his head , but ... the smell , the feelings , the sign ... but " what ?
what is that ? " he thought .
He started to watch the kids running , playing , laughing a lot , the same couple from yesterday talking about love , the sadness in the city .
With a great effort , he sat down on the grass , he felt tired , and had a slight sensation of pain in his chest , sitting there with many sounds in the air , he started to recall ... his face changed is dark , now he had a clear image of eveerything . When he opened the door of the house , his girlfriend was there dying on the floor . Michael remembered everything : the fight , the lies , the screams , the knife ... the blood ; but Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Diabetes is an increase of glucose in the blood , There are two types , first Diabetes Type 1 which is present in children , the patient needs insulin every day . Also , this diabetes is caused by the destruction of the insulin released by the person 's immune system .
Diabetes Type 2 is present in adults ; the insulin is generated but it does not work in the body , so the amounts of glucose are stored in the body .
This diabetes is caused by bad diet of people or because people have a bad life .
So it is necessary to eat vegetables and fruit and also to do exercise .
My view is that public transport is good because it has prevented pollution , which is good for the public .
Many people think travelling by car is more comfortable for them .
However , they must understand travelling by car is not any kind of exercise .
If they planned to travel by public transport , people would walk to the bus stop and get off the bus and walk for necessary thing .
So my opinion is good for both parties .
Hi ,
It 's Rosevelt , hope you know me .
Hope this message finds you in good health
On 25th January 2013 , Vrinda came into my life .
And I want to give a surprise to Vrinda by sending her a short movie .
If you guys could share a quality , memory or any eventful time that you shared with her through video message , it would be a great favour to me .
Please record your message and send it to my email address f9u54t4g245@gmail.com before 24th evening .
I know it 's short notice but hope you guys will support me .
Please do n't tell Vrinda about it .
Thanking you
Rosevelt
Hello Maxi ! !
I was waiting for your email .
How are you ?
What are you doing ?
Do you do any sport ?
This week , I went to the country . It was great fun because we went to the cinema and we ate in a lot of different restaurants .
Bye , I have to go .
See you soon
Hi readers of international sports monthly magazine .
I am writing to sponsorize my favourite sport , the most beautiful sport in the world ;
basketball .
Basketball is a complete sport ; aerobic and anaerobic .
It 's a team sport . The team is made of 5 people and you need a ball and a hoop .
I enjoy this sport because I love team sports and games with a ball .
Some people say that basketball is only for tall guys ,
but it is n't true . In the A league in Italy , we have various players who are not very tall ,
like 1 meter 60 . So if you love this game you can play it no matter what .
Just find a ball and a hoop and play it .
If you want to start this sport , find a friend that can teach you the basic movements and how to pass and shoot ,
then practice does the rest .
If you train and you have willpower , nothing can stop you .
Nowadays , basketball is spreading around the world .
I hope that the number of players will increase and increase every day .
So let 's play basketball .
Ryan Gordon loves all sports but he works hard at school too .
At the moment he is doing three A levels at Camden College .
He is going to go to university next year .
At the weekend he usually plays football or basketball and this year he is learning how to rock climb .
He goes twice a week to the local climbing center .
School is finishing in two weeks and next summer he wants to climb in Scotland .
I had the best friend when I was a student at high school .
We studied hard together to prepare for the university exam , shared our problems and almost things has relatived with us .
It was a great time for me .
He made me happy and safe .
He seemed like my boyfriend .
The first year of university , I revealed my love to him .
Unfortunately , he refused me .
I had a love affair .
Day by day , I tried to forget my love in his quiet .
I did n't call , send messages or meet him .
Although I did well for a long time , one day , he contacted me again , so I did n't ignore him .
He said that he wanted to be best friends as before .
But now , what can I do ? I still love him . My love has become even stronger .
What should I do ?
Should I show him my love again ?
Last week , from September 11 to September 21 , we had a mini - vacation .
From September 11 to September 14 , I did nothing besides watch TV , take care of my little sister Ellie and chat with my friends .
During the rest of that boring week , I did a 1000-piece puzzle .
On Sunday , my family and I went to Causeway Amador , then to Albrook Mall .
After the exams finished , I went home and had nothing to do , so I thought that I needed to watch my dramas because it was a week since I had watched them due to the exam week .
So after watching all my dramas , I had nothing to do .
From September 12 to September 14 , I was too lazy because I was tired from the exam , so I spent all day lying on the sofa doing nothing apart from watching the TV and chatting with my friends .
Besides , I needed to take care of my little sister Ellie , who is very cute and funny and , right now , she is always trying to get up and stand and walk .
On the rest of the boring week , I was watching TV , and suddenly , my cousin found some pieces of the puzzle inside the cabinet , so I decided to do my Paris puzzle with my sister , which had been less than half done for about one year , but it had too much color in the sky , so I did n't finished it a year ago .
We began to do it again and it took us the whole week to finish it .
While doing the puzzle , I decided to count how many pieces were left . After counting them , I realized that five pieces were missing .
I was so angry , because I was finishing the puzzle and five pieces were missing . So I began to search the whole house for the five pieces but did n't find them .
On Saturday , I finished my puzzle but with five pieces missing . But I was happy too .
I finished it .
On Sunday , my father planned to take my whole family to Causeway Amador .
Also , my uncle , aunt , grandfather and cousins went with us .
After arriving at the Causeway , my brother and my cousins went to ride bicycles for one hour .
I was hoping that my father could teach me to drive the car , but it was not possible because we went to Albrook Mall to eat and my father did n't want to return to Causeway Amador to teach me to drive .
Mini vacations can be fun , but sometimes boring , because you haven't planned anything for the vacation .
The best thing I did was to solve my beautiful Paris puzzle and go to Amador with my family and have a good time with them .
Mini vacations are a break for us to have fun and good times with our adorable and lovely family and friends .
When I was a child , I usually wore blue , grey and red .
My bedroom is blue and orange , the colours of my toys when I was a child were different .
I always choose my clothes because only I know my favourite clothes and , when I was a child , my toys .
Now I wear different colours . For example , black , blue , grey and others .
Maybe they will change .
Pompei - the destroyed city
I 'm sure you 'll agree that Pompei is the most important archeological site in the world .
It was destroyed by a volcanic eruption in 75 BC .
Vesuvius - this is the volcano 's name - covered it with a lot of ash so that walls , houses , food , clothes , bodies of citizens were preserved as they were .
You can walk through the same streets and enter the same shops the Romans entered some centuries ago !
Is n't it incredible ?
In addition , it is possible to book special tours in which there are guides dressed like pompei 's citizens .
I love the overnight tour , in which only fires light the ruins .
There is a unique atmosphere !
In my opinion , no one should come to Italy without visiting Pompei .
If you come , I promise you 'll never forget it !
I do n't think there is no future for public transport .
In particular , in urban areas , for example , Taipei city in Taiwan .
People who live there know the convenient public transport system called MRT ; it 's fast , cheaper and you do n't have to find a parking space .
Besides , it 's harmful and makes the earth 's environment worse because of the emission of so much carbon dioxide .
That will cause global warming .
So , it is better to use public transport .
But , if you live in the country , a car may be essential , because it will cost so much money to buy the tickets if the family is large .
So , I think the government should have to draw up a proposal to solve the problems between the use for urban areas and countryside .
And think deeply about the problem of protecting the environment .
I love my little family .
My family members are very helpful and supportive .
My parents are very support .
My parents are my best friends and guides .
If any problems arise , i I go to my parents and tell them the problem , and they solve the problem .
My family is my world .
My parents are good guides .
There are my role models . Sometimes we go to the tour programs , it programs . Those are very happy moments .
My mammy tells me a story at night .
Mom makes the special foods for festivals .
My family is a nuclear family .
My family is great .
Steve Ramsay works for the espionage agency S.H.I.E.L.D and lives in Washington D.C. after the Battle of New York .
One day , a S.H.I.E.L.D agent was attacked by a ghost .
After that , Steve becomes an America captain to protect the world again .
But he does n't know he is involved in a conspiracy .
He meets a strong opponent who is a winter soldier when he wants to find the wirepuller .
Walking every day is what I enjoy .
Besides being excellent exercise , it is also the most comfortable , because it allows me to concentrate , to be with myself , talking and praying to God with each step in the morning .
I wake up at 5 o'clock in the morning .
I consider this to be the best time to do sport , taking into account that the pollution is down at that time .
There is not so much traffic , and my senses and lungs perceive and breathe all the smells of the flowers , and the land . First , I walk slowly , and then I begin to walk as fast as possible to improve my fitness and I end up walking 5 turns around the park .
What I really enjoy is lying on the grass .
It is during this moment that I get to talk to God .
I feel that he is near to me , that he listens to every word that I pray .
Doing so , I begin my daily routine , I come back home , have my breakfast , followed by lunch , because I have to get to work at 9 o'clock .
It is an activity that goes according to the capacity of each person , and doing it each morning improves our health and takes away all the bad from our body .
The graph below gives information about seasonal sales of ice - cream in different places : in an ice - cream van and an indoor swimming pool from Jan to Dec .
Overall , an average of 5000 dollars per year about ice cream van .
In addition , indoor swimming pool sales have a slightly decline from 2012 to 2014 .
First , the graph showed an upward trend for the ice cream van and , in 2014,it had the largest percentage of sales at nearly 5500 dollars from Jul - Sep .
No matter what year , its lowest level was always in Jan - Mar .
Maybe because in this period of time the weather was cold , the number of purchasers is greatly reduced .
We can see from the diagram , the highest peak in the graph has increased year by year , as the low as .
Second , for the indoor swimming pool , it generally appears to be wavy falling , from 2500 dollars in 2012 to 2000 dollars in 2014 . We can infer , it will not rise sharply , and it is impossible for it to fall sharply .
Most people like to have their own car , because they think it is more comfortable and flexible .
You can go out of your house and take your car and leave for your job and park very close .
But I think that public transport is the future . We need to preserve the environment , this is an imperative for our world , and the solution is to take the point that the governments invest more in public transport , so people do n't need to get a car to be able to have a job and do n't need it for the normal development of their lives .
Also , we have to promote people getting jobs close to their accommodation or getting accommodation close to their jobs , because we have too much pollution . And we could reward companies that hire staff close to the place of work , maybe in a radius of 4 kilometres , and we could reward people that change their accommodation to live near to their job or for going there by bicycle .
Maybe this sounds a bit crazy , but any solution will be good , we must only make our minds up to be able to look across .
What fine weather today !
What a fine day !
It 's April now , and spring is finally here .
The sun shines brightly , the snow melted in the March .
Birds have returned from warm countries .
They sing joyfully and build their nests .
People look happier .
They feel tired after a long snowy winter .
In March , we set forward our watches an hour .
Summertime was first converted in 1900 .
The days are getting longer but nights are getting shorter and lighter .
We put our watches back an hour in October .
It pleases some people because they will be able to sleep an hour more .
I like spring and always wait for it and wait for the summer holidays with impatience .
Summer is really little life .
As soon as I have sat all my exams , I will travel .
As they say in the English proverb " travel broadens the mind " . In summer you can switch off from your daily routine , relax , have a talk with friends .
I haven't decided as yet where I will spend the summer .
It has become a big problem now .
I always want to see the world , to swim in the Ocean .
However , I am stopped by recent tragic developments in foreign countries .
I think it 's better and safer to go to the Black Sea , to Crimea or to Kuakas .
My friends have bought tickets to Sochi already .
It 's the best , the most beautiful and the most comfortable resort in the South .
It 's possible I will join them , because I have never been to Sochi and everyone should visit this wonderful city once in their life .
What is my favorite sport ?
Well , I do martial arts .
I 've been doing that for around twenty years .
Some martial arts are not really sports .
They 're more for self - defense , but what I do , and my way to stay healthy , is martial arts and running .
As far as watching , that 's a good question .
I suppose I would have to say that , in Japan , Sumo is my favorite sport for watching .
I 've never tried it myself .
I would probably have to be three times as big as I am to even begin to qualify for something like that but , yeah , I enjoy watching it a lot .
I have to start saying that I never imagined swimming as my favorite sport , because until my back injury , I did other sports . I mostly like extreme sports like downhill skiing , skateboarding , martial arts like Aikido , jiujitsu or ninjutsu , but because of my injury I had to start swimming and now I love it .
The reason why I enjoy this sport is because I feel free when I am in the water , it is so relaxing and I have read it is the most complete sport because you work the whole body .
If you want to start swimming , I think you should look for a swimming teacher because if ca n't swim , you need one , and if you can swim but not well , if you are not in practice and know your swimming style is not the best , I recommend professional assistance .
More time that you do n't have that assistance , it is going to be more difficult to improve your style and enjoy swimming more , because if you really know how to swim you will have more resistance in the water .
Last week was a hard week for my wife .
She works at a language school at the local university .
It is just the beginning of winter vacation courses , so she has been struggled with a lot of work and students .
I think that may be the reason she had Sleep Paralysis last night .
In Korea , we call it ' Ka - Wee - Nool - Rim ' , which means being pressed by a ' Ka - wee ' , or ghost .
Yes , she actually felt as if someone was pressing down on her chest with their hand .
She was not even able to lift a single finger tip , as if she had been turned into a stone statue .
She opened her eyes .
Then , she realized that four indistinct strangers were staring at her , standing just beside the bed .
She was so scared .
She tried screaming and calling me as I was sleeping peacefully beside her .
But she could n't .
She could n't open her mouth to say anything at all .
Even worse , two of them started whispering in her ears , die … die .. .
Well , actually it did n't happen .
She just dreamed a terrible nightmare because I was not sleeping .
I was watching a YouTube clip on my iPad .
She reproached me for not waking her up despite the fact that she had been calling me so eagerly .
But it is not true .
She had n't called me at all .
It was just a dream , but very real .
Most of those dreamers claim that it is like real .
They think they really opened their eyes and woke up since it is so vivid and detailed .
Often they explain and describe the scene in detail like a cup on the table , friends who are watching TV beside them , a room light and so on .
But nothing is real . They realize that no cup is on the table , no one is in the room , and the light is off .
Commonly , the dreamers say that they :
- experience it when they are very tired physically and very stressed .
- feel drowning down when they are about to fall asleep ( so they know it will happen ) .
- feel a lot of pressure on their body and can not move in the dream .
- see someone or some people standing beside or riding on them .
- feel the dream is so vivid and real .
- repeatedly dream again if they rarely awake themselves .
Some experience this very easily and often .
The most scary case I heard is that the ghost pulled her under the bed while stabbing her chest with a sharp gimlet .
Luckily , I have never dreamed it .
Hi ! My name is Cátia and I am a student of electrical engineering .
I am in the third year at university , I do n't know what the Master 's will be that I am going to do , but I want a Master 's related to programming .
I have many difficulties with programming , but I think that if I work hard I can overcome my difficulties .
Now I am on Christmas holidays . I have to study so much .
In the last few days , I and my group did some experiments for our project .
We used some resistors and a source of two hundred and thirty volts to control the temperature of water .
Initially , we had some problems because the resistors did not increase the temperature enough to warm the water .
Next week we are going to prepare some equipment to solve this problem .
But I also have other tasks .
I want to write a review of my book about Nigeria and read another book about robots and their mechanisms .
I am going to try to read these books to improve my English , because in the future I intend to take the first certificate .
This is very important for me because when I work for a company I will need a certificate ! ! !
Hi Jo !
How are you ? I have just received your letter .
I think that you can to come to my country if you want , because I will help you .
In the first place , I think that you must look on the internet . You will see different cities of this country and you can choose the best .
In my opinion , you must go to Madrid or Barcelona because they are the most attractive .
Barcelona is big and there is a lot of industry , so there are a lot of jobs .
Also , Madrid is a nice city . You can to find everything that you need .
In Madrid there are some jobs , too , and you will be near me .
Spanish food is fantastic , there are a lot of restaurants for you to eat at and I think that the food is more expensive than in your country .
If you do n't like Spanish food , you can go to a restaurant with food from another country , but I know you love it .
On the other hand , people are friendly , as you know , because you know some Spanish people .
You must come , because I think that you would love my country and I can always help you .
I hope you come here .
Take care
Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately .
He picked up the keys and quickly left the house .
As he was going down the stairs from the fourth floor , his neighbour Mary stopped him .
Peter was very worried .
He needed to arrive at the train station on time .
Despite the urgency of taking the train on time .
He was kind and spoke with Mary .
The widow woman , who was very nice , gave a present to Peter .
The young Polish man was very grateful and replied to the woman : " Thank you , it hasn't to make any present "
Mary smiled to Peter and said : " You are welcome . Now , you have to enjoy your family .
Have a good journey " .
It was a pity for Peter to leave Bath , but he had to go back to his country .
Dear Jo
I 'm so glad you are coming to my country . I 'll give you some suggestions , hoping that you can have a wonderful summer vacation !
If you want a short - term job , I think a restaurant is the best one for you .
It not only offers a high salary , but also , the employees there are kind .
You should be able to have a great experience .
When it comes to travelling , you must not miss the night markets .
There , you can have a taste of cuisine from all around the world , which will make you freshen up .
Moreover , once you have a bite on a sausage , you will fall in love with it .
If you still have any questions , just call me .
I will help you as much as I can .
Hope you will have a good time .
Best wishes ,
Paulina
Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately .
He had forgotten to go to his English classes .
It was half past seven and his class had begun fifteen minutes ago .
Last week , his mother told him that he had to go to his classes if he wanted to hang out with his friends .
He already knew that he was late , but he could not go now , so he decided to deceive his mother .
He did homework from his books so his mother might believe it .
But he did not realise something . His little brother was watching him through the window .
When his mother came back from work , her little son told her what his brother had done .
She was very angry and she could not believe that her son had done that .
After that , Peter did not hang out for three months , so he could learn his lesson . You must not lie to or deceive your mother .
I think that public transport is always going to be very important in our life , because not all people have the possibility to buy a car , and because public transport is less expensive than a car . So for that reason , public transport in the future could exist , because public transport is a necessity all over the world , not only because of money , but also for the facility to take a bus or any other public transport .
Yesterday I went to the Ulster Museum in Botanic Gardens at 2 pm .
I went to the nature section , which is interesting as it is about natural aspects on earth like the elements , rocks and periods of life related to organisms .
The section was big and it presented a lot of information in a scientific manner , some sections had complete information while others had not .
Beginning with one of the complete parts that I preferred and liked I 'm going to write about the Ice Age .
It was a period of time in earth 's history when temperatures fell globally , causing ice sheets and glaciers to form far from the north and south poles .
What did you learn about debates ?
Mel , who was a teacher for young people .
Teach us about debates .
How to be good debaters .
He uses a rule for debates : proposition + result = positive or negative ( Why ? )
Every debate has a hot spot .
A hot spot is a place where the debaters can explain the idea .
The hot spot helps to get more confidence .
Always in front of your audience .
The result depends on : confidence , volume of the voice , body posture and audience .
The main idea is to keep the body , take the mind .
Great debaters have to believe in their idea .
The idea does n't matter , only the arguments .
I do n't know is n't an answer .
An important deal , is never to quit .
Always fight if you want .
A debate is combat .
Peter had just got out of school and he realized that he was late for his weekly guitar lesson .
But before the lesson , he had to have lunch with his family and take the dog to the vet 's for his annual vaccine .
Peter had a quick lunch in ten minutes , spent another two minutes finding the bike and putting the dog in the basket ; at the vet 's surgery , three people were waiting , so Peter was forced to wait .
After an hour , the dog was vaccinated and taken home , but his mother needed a bottle of milk .
Unfortunately , Anne , his sister , had just taken the bike , so he was forced to walk to the nearest supermarket .
Peter 's mother needed a special kind of milk without lactose , and the market near home did n't have it .
So Peter had to make a choice : going to the lesson or waiting for his father to get home to get the milk with the car ?
After an exhausting afternoon , Peter had a bit of luck . In fact , his father , Jack , had just come back from work , so he could go to get the milk and giving him a lift .
With a little delay , Peter made it !
First , I want to introduce myself .
I am a young woman with a melancholy character .
I am an introvert too .
I have many problems with my speaking skills .
If I am in public and want to give a presentation , I always get nervous .
I do n't know why , it 's always happened to me .
Sometimes , I feel so stupid because I really ca n't speak in front of the public .
Second ,
I love writing but I am not confident about my grammar .
I make many mistakes in every story I write . I use the wrong tense .
I call this mistake " Du " .
Why " du " ? Yeah ...
because I love using this word .
I have no idea after this sentence .
An excessive amount of cars on the road is not an option as this could cause problems in most metropolitan areas .
There would be a tremendous amount of pollution and traffic jams .
As the population grows , you will see an increasing problem .
Therefore , public transportation is the future and more and more people will be using the metro , public buses etc .
Cars are not good .
They cause pollution .
But they go fast .
Cars are red .
Choo choo pdajd
Sport is an activity that helps people be in an optimal physical condition .
I think that sport is important for discipline in life .
My favourite sport is football . It is a complete sport ; there are aggression , mentality and fun .
My favourite football club is Napoli . It is the heart club . For this team , I feel indescribable emotions ... when I see my team , I smile in moments of joy , I cry in moments of sadness and suffering and rejoice when they score and win the game .
I advise all people that want to start this sport to begin , because this sport helps to grow and mature .
Working in your own company is very challenging because you deal with a lot of areas , manage all departments and learn about business , management , economics , sales , engineering , technical support and other skills .
You are responsible for your workers and customer satisfaction . However , it is very satisfying to see how your own company is growing and your customers returning because they loved your work .
That work looks depressing , demanding and stressful , but it is very rewarding and if you like the challenges you will never be bored .
Dear Friend
hope you are fine . Please know that I miss you so much and I hope to see you soon .
I 'm very happy to know that you want to come to Egypt and work here .
Here are some tips about the Egyptian people .
They are so kind , friendly , and stressed because they have a lot of problems nowadays . The level of poverty , the standard of living , the fixed cost is increasing dramatically and the purchasing power is decreasing .
The salary or the income in Egypt does not match this increase or this inflation .
So , if you want to work in Egypt , you must have complete information about the job ( location , salary , incentives , allowances , work environment , position title , company type , policy , mission , vision )
With best wishes
Sameh Sabbagh
Military service is when people are forced by the government to be a part of the army to serve and protect the country .
There are many countries where people have to do military service when they reach 18 , such as Taiwan , South Korea and Singapore .
The duration of military service should be from around 12 months to 20 months .
Also , there are different types of training during military service . People generally do a lot of training in obedience or how to use weapons .
Thus , there is a source of agreement and another source of disagreement , which is freedom of choice and mental maturity .
As this topic , one of the reasons why everyone should not have to complete military service is because of freedom of choice .
Some people may think it is a human right that we let people choose if they want to join the military .
Otherwise , when people are forced by the government , they probably feel the freedom of choice is restricted .
So some counties do not force people to join the military .
In contrast , it could be a benefit that improves their mental maturity .
If people do military service when they are just 18 , they may learn a lot of life skills as there are quite a high claim in the military and the chancellor who works in the military may request the soldiers that everything frequently be regular .
For instance , they usually need them to fold up a quilt at a specified angle or there is a specific time that you must wake up and go to sleep .
People should not complain about anything even if they seem to be right .
But after a period of time , people could develop their obedience , especially young people ; they are likely to become more independent people .
To conclude , there are reasons to effect by people should or should not have to do military service .
However , the effects may be different , depending on the duration .
Hi Mum and Dad
Today I had a trip to a museum and an art gallery with my school .
The museum and the art gallery are located in the capital city .
The museum is huge and beautiful .
I really like antiques , even though there is not much to look at .
The art gallery is nice too .
They have some paintings by Leonardo da Vinci which really impress me .
My favourite part was listening to a guide introduce us to painting .
I ca n't wait to get back home and tell you more about the trip .
Love from your son :) .
Thanh .
In my city , we do n't have a regular policy of care for the environment .
There have been many projects to improve the care for the environment .
But there is a big problem : the people 's attitudes .
In my country , you can make a lot of effort to take care of the environment , but the bad attitude of our people is a big problem .
That is because we do n't take interest in the problems of others .
We think that our authorities are responsible for these matters .
So , we do n't take positive actions , individually .
We just wait until others clean the streets .
People put their rubbish in bags and throw them away near their houses .
They do n't spend money on a good container .
Then , dogs can break open the bags and eat the rubbish .
Consequently , the streets are always dirty .
Personally , I prefer to have a clean street .
It does n't matter if I lose time putting the bags of rubbish in a good container .
If everyone demonstrated a better attitude , it would be possible to improve our environment .
Nowadays , we grow up with the possibility of choosing a lot of sports .
This fact allows young people to do exercise and enjoy themselves at the same time .
Team sports also help to meet other people and make new friends .
The favorite sport of many people is football , whereas my favorite is basketball .
I started to play it when I was twelve years old and these days I still love this sport .
My main reason for loving it is how you feel when you play a match and , in the end , your team win .
Also , I have met great friends who play basketball .
Every sport focuses on some parts of the body , but basketball is the most complete sport .
It is true that basketball requires a lot of physical activity , but a good mental attitude is very important .
You ca n't be disappointed because you do n't get a point or have a bad day , because the other players can sympathise with you .
If it happens , you must continue doing the best you can .
To achieve this , I recommend doing exercise three times a week and following a healthy diet .
Adolescence has always been the hardest part in anybody 's whole life .
Turning , in a fleeting glimpse , into an adult , perceiving the other side of life , how tough and complicated it is , trying to deal with its different circumstances .
At this point , you merely have a brief look at your whole life , many questions spinning in your head , accusing yourself of being a lost cause , wishing you could turn the clock back , but it 's all no good .
Then you find yourself standing ahead clouds of reality , which sucks .
life is stages ; this stage of your life is timeless , no way out .
At some point , you wish it was all an illusion . You need a time machine that makes it possible to go back in time to when you could see the purity of life ..
However , here you are completely different , made of life lessons , preferring to keep a stiff upper lip , cowering in your own reality .
Yes , television entertains , but it can also educate .
Television can improve knowledge of current affairs .
Education does n't depend on current affairs or related concepts .
Television helps us to find the fields that interest us , like music , sports , movies or nature .
These days , television allows us to see events all around the world .
However , there are quite a lot of disadvantages to television .
In particular , fake news spreads faster without much effort .
It depends on the individual , how they make use of the opportunity .
Watching TV seems to be top of our list of things to do after a long hard day 's work with a hot cup of tea in dark winters .
TV was and is seen as entertainment , but have you ever questioned whether it is more than just entertainment ?
Are we subconsciously educating ourselves ?
You ask how ?
Now that is an interesting question . We can watch anything from news to Catfish the TV show . In the name of entertainment , we are actually learning .
The truth is we are always learning , but how we learn is another matter . The main types of learners are auditory , visual , and kinesthetic .
TV stimulates two learning styles , which are visual and auditory .
Some may argue that TV just does not have sufficient content for us to be able to learn . Others may argue that TV is an amazing source of learning , e.g. we learn about new technology via a mobile phone advert aired on TV .
We learn about social values , world news etc .
I have personally picked up information I would not have come across otherwise . For example , I have been able to learn that the new BMW seven series , has ambient lighting , it can pull in and out of the garage at the touch of a button , it 's computerised system can read different road surfaces and adapt it s driving .
So , have you ever asked yourself whether television entertains , but can also educate ?
The New Music
Blues , Rock ' n ' Roll , and folk music were the basis of the new music .
From 1966 - 1967 huge changes took place .
The 3 types of music were even known in 1963 .
Every music expresses different feelings .
There were some people who started playing Rock songs .
And after that , everybody started to change their type of music .
Electronic was born .
It made everything possible .
Then music changed to multimedia .
And so the old music changed to the new music .
The circuit is characterised by long straights and chicanes , which makes it possible to achieve high speeds .
Drivers drive the cars at full throttle for over 75% of the lap , longer than other circuits .
In my opinion , driving at high speed on the long straight could cause overheating of the cars ' engines and they can blow up .
The rugged kerbs could cause the suspension to crack .
The falling leaves could block a driver 's view and block up the radiators .
I think cutting down the trees which are around the circuit and undercutting kerbs could reduce danger and technical problems on the track and we should reduce the long straights .
Global power and politics are now surprisingly centered on those which have an apex maturity of science .
Addiction to authoritative nature over other leads to the huge production of war weapons , converting the blessing nature of science into critics .
Despite all of the assistance of science in daily life , it is not without criticism in different areas .
Science replaces human labor with tools , but what about happiness ?
There is no definition of happiness in scientism or how could it get through the scientific user manual ?
Very often , it has been criticized for changing indigenous cultures through so - called luxurious development that is contradictory to religious faith .
Science is concerned only with information about the world , whatever it is , and sometimes in unethical conclusions without considering morality .
It occupies so pivotal a role in modern society and commands so much public money , it should find itself subject to criticism from a variety of sources .
But living in the 21st century , it 's difficult to blame science when we are benefited through its technological applications in our everyday life to an ever - greater extent .
My country is pretty clean compared to the cities and countries that I know . Although there are a few pieces of paper or plastic on the streets , residents have a great respect for nature .
In fact , they keep the woods clean and the owners send the loggers to remove dead trees now or those that could lead to hazards , but every time you remove a tree , it is immediately replaced with a young plant so that the environment does not undergo changes that will lead out balance the system .
For waste management across the country , even in the countryside , we have bins for recycling paper , plastic , glass and waste .
Three times a week , garbage trucks come to empty them , and once a week a garbage collector comes to clean up the streets .
Travelling using any form of transport has become one of our needs . In the past , people used to spend hours waiting for public transport . Now , we can afford any of those modern cars at the dealership .
The future of public transport is fading away . You might ask why .
The main problem is bad service . For example , the drivers are not careful enough when driving , and that might be unsafe for passengers .
Another disadvantage is the unclean chairs on public transport .
Those are the main reasons that could make public transport disappear .
I consider buying a car the best option , so we can feel safe .
Firstly , it is a good idea for young children to do physical activity . That is the first step to doing exercise , then competing in sports will encourage competitors to make an extra effort .
Also , just for young children that are in the process of growth and development , physical exercise is essential , because they can have a healthier life .
Young children try to make an effort , and want to win at this age , and if they train , the results are better and that encourages them to keep training .
In psychic way , if you are adapated form relationships and make new friends .
In the future , adults that are able to obtain more achievements and be more responsible , and you can have a good social life if you compete in or do sports .
In addition , stress is a clear disadvantage of competing , because competitors are trying to win and this can frustrates .
But , some people do not think like this and take it more easy .
Finally , I think that competing in sports has some benefits and disadvantages , but when it is controlled there are some benefits that help you in your whole life .
Dear Sir / Madam ,
For upcoming enhancement , I would like to inform you that there are no longer any public transportation services since travel by car is more convenient .
Therefore travel by car is ready now .
Best regards ,
Penn
Shops in the town
Introduction
The aim of this report is to outline what shopping facilities there are in our town and write some tips for tourists with different preferences .
Shopping facilities
Although our town is quite small , there are a wide variety of shops , such as clothes shops , sports shops , toy shops or book shops .
Even though the shops are not large , there are remarkable goods . For example , nice running shoes or valuable books .
Possibility of the shops
All in all , the shops have a variety of goods which could attract many tourists .
If you have a small child , you can visit toy shops , which offer many cars and helicopters .
On the other hand , you can visit book shops if you are a pensioner and you have a lot of free time .
Conclusion
To sum up , I think our town offers many interesting shops .
Moreover , the goods are quite cheap .
Halloween is a traditional holiday in the USA but the original history came from the Celtic people .
The immigrants came with this religious culture and with time it has become part of American culture .
Today , this holiday is celebrated around the world and you can have fun with a party or dress up in a costume .
The picture below illustrates how to make bank notes .
First is to design the note , including background color , artwork and security issues .
Second is to prepare metal plates using qualified machinists .
Then is printing with special ink .
When one side is printed , they raise the images slightly to make the opposite side colored .
Last is the key step ; inspection .
It is of great importance to inspect the printed sheets .
If the sheet is good or partially damaged , it can be packed and delivered by vehicles after being cut into separate notes .
Otherwise , the sheets and notes will be abandoned and destroyed in a fire .
The issue of whether there is no future for public transport is a topic that has caused an ongoing argument . In my essay , i intend to discuss contravening viewpoint in more depth .
First , some people believe that public transport is a significant part of our life and it 's more difficult to rely only on our cars .
Hi my name is Chai . I 'm from Thailand . I am trying to write an article to improve my writing skills and hope this program can help me .
My favorite way to travel is by plane because I like to be fast and , in my life , I hate waiting . In my opinion , the plane is the best for me . For example , when you want to go somewhere you need to reach there so quickly , you do n't want to take a long time . And the plane is the best way of travelling in the world and is safer than other ways . You can see on the pollution of people who have had an accident , how often an accident happens by plane , so anyway if it has happened , I ca n't imagine it . Finally , I hope everyone who likes to travel is safe and sound and has a safe journey .
First of all , Television has less viewers nowadays .
Most people turn to Internet websites or applications like Netflix or Youtube .
Now let 's go back to those days when young people still watched television for entertainment .
There were a lot of programs on television .
Most people watched the news , movies , or TV shows on television .
Also , there were a lot of different channels that we chose from .
As I remember , there were educational channels like Discovery and National Geographic .
Those channels always contained a lot of new technology .
Some people may think that only these kinds of channel can provide educational knowledge , and some people do n't consider watching these channels as entertainment .
But these kinds of channel are both entertainment and educational .
But I wo n't suggest that these are the only channels that can provide knowledge .
All kinds of shows can give you all kinds of different knowledge , even when you watch movies .
But , of course , there will be some channels that are not suitable for children under 18 or are just for adults .
I think there is no channel that you ca n't learn from .
All kinds of programs have something that you can think about , it just depends on how you look at it .
So television entertains , but can it also educate ?
Yes , of course , but only when you look at it as a way you want to learn something .
My studies at the Tecnologico de Monterrey are demanding and challenging because it has a very high educative score worldwide , but also has so many good things . For example , we have a lot of exchanges all around the world . When you have the opportunity to do an exchange , you have to deal with the language and the culture of the other country . That means you have to be responsible for studying the basic things about that country , but all of this is worthwhile because when you are there you have so much fun .
I think that a complete sport is swimming for most people .
It 's good for health and wellness .
I really enjoy it because it gives me a lot of relaxation and it helps me to be toned and satisfied with myself .
Usually I go three times a week and during the weekend .
I advise people to start this sport , because it is complete and makes your mind and body feel very good .
When I was fourteen years old , I won a championship because , in that period , I swam as a competitive athlete .
It was a real satisfaction and I was happy .
Nowadays , I 'm really grateful to my parents because they have spent money for me and I have to thank them .
I think this sport is the most complete compared to the other sports .
Your muscles become more efficient and toned and you get a lot of benefits for the body .
To : International organisation
From : Dimitris Barberis
Subject : Our green town
Introduction
The aim of the report is to write about how our town takes care of the environment .
I did some research and these are my findings .
Rubbish
We have a lot of bins around the area , so now we can throw our litter away wherever we are .
Also , we have recycling bins for paper and glass .
Cleaners
Every Saturday our local cleaning team clean the park and now everyone can enjoy it !
Conclusion
We do everything to make our town more green . Our citizens always have new ideas that make a difference to our daily lives .
It is common that more and more people get overweight , because of too much fast food and an unhealthy lifestyle .
Now some scientists have suggested having warnings on some types of food and drink .
But is this idea a way to reduce the bad habit of consuming harmful foodstuffs ?
On the one hand , I ca n't imagine that a little notice on the food can force people to stop their shopping and read the warnings .
Life is fast moving and time is money .
Everything has to happen fast .
First of all , we need to make people aware of the current environmental situation in order to take action to help the environment .
To begin with , we have to try to use the car or the bus as little as possible and try to get to any place on foot or by bicycle .
This action would decrease the amount of gas emitted into the environment .
In addition , the issue of water is another big problem .
Nowadays , people are wasting water instead of saving it .
One basic solution for this is to try not to take a shower for so long but to take a shower with a bucket and for just a few minutes .
Another solution is to not waste water while we are washing dishes .
We should use another bucket for this task .
Talking about rubbish , it is very important to separate it into the following types : metal , plastic , organic , glass and cardboard in order to make the collection task easy for the dustman .
However , we also have to try not to create more rubbish but to recycle most of it .
For example , organic rubbish can be used as fertilizer , the metal scrap can be taken to the melting factory and so can the glass .
Therefore , the environment is not going to recover if we do not decide to play our part in dealing with this global problem .
Paxton had arrived at Seaburght to in Hotel .
There were Long and the writer ...
One night , Paxton was speaking with them about the crown that had spoken with an old man ( Bob Cartes ) and said to him to about the family Agers who protected the crown .
But one of them had died a little while ago and he was the one who protected the crown .
Paxton goes to the house of Williams Agers and finds the crown in the hill .
But Long and The Writer helped to bury the crown again because the shadow was following him .
One day in the morning , Paxton was waiting for Long and the writer , but he heard that someone was calling him . Suddenly , he goes to the beach and is killed by the shadow .
Public transport is and always will be very important for society .
As we 've seen , these days , the number of cars is increasing so much every year .
As a consequence of an increase in the number of private cars .
Governments around the world have been talking a lot about the measures that should be taken to improve the quality of public transport .
No doubt travelling by car is quite a lot better than going by public bus .
Although Louis felt nervous , she realised this was the opportunity of a lifetime .
I was manager at a retail store .
Every day , work stressed me and by the end of my shift I was so tired .
I decided to go back to school .
The program I started at school was very tough for me , because of my slow English writing .
I do not have very good English writing skills .
My grammar and spelling are weak .
I am struggling at school .
I am trying my best and hope I will pass my course and get a good job .
Hi Jo !
I 'm really sorry , you ca n't come over because my father is in hospital for 14 days .
But in 3 weeks I 'm free .
When do you want to come ?
Write to me soon , please .
Mireia
The future of transport is public , because there will be less traffic .
When the people travel by car it is for work , holidays or for other reasons .
We should use the less car . It is very polluting .
I will start with old vehicles . If we do n't do any maintenance , this type will be damaged and we will lose it .
In the future , every person will use his own car and there will be no need for public transport . This type of transport has a route and just takes you to specific places and you ca n't use it to go to small streets .
But in some countries , you can use the underground ( metro ) . It is more advanced than old types , like bus or taxi . The underground is faster and cleaner and .
About pollution . It is a big issue in public transport . time if you try to fix the engines of public transport , that will be expensive , because with time the lifetime of this engine will come to an end .
Michael is a 22-year - old man , he has studied for a degree in electrical engineering and now he wants to put his knowledge into practice .
He went to buy a newspaper to search for a job . He looked at all the advertisements but he never found the one he needed .
Michael thought that it was time to do something .
He could not be at home all day doing nothing , so he started to look for another job that would be suitable for him .
When he was a kid , he wanted to work in a video games shop , so luckily for him there was a job available at the Play Station store .
Of course , he did not think twice and went to print out his CV because the interview was that day . Then he took a shower and dressed for the occasion .
He prepared something to eat fast , brushed his teeth , he just picked up his mobile , keys and money , but he had n't noticed that he was forgetting his CV .
However , Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
My favourite sport is soccer .
It is an interesting activity ! There is the Fifa World Cup too !
There are some soccer stars like Messi , Neymar , Ronaldo ...... Soccer can make you healthier .
There are soccer lessons . I have attended lessons .
First , the teacher will train us in soccer techniques .
Next , we will have a soccer competition .
But we could break our legs .
We need to be careful .
Soccer is an interesting sport but we need to be careful .
My father is 73 years old , his name is Brahim .
He is tall and smart . He looks like a movie star .
My father has many hobbies , he plays football , reads newspapers and listens to the radio .
In my opinion , family is more important than friends , but I probably spend more time with my friends than my family . I know if I need something my family is always there .
The difficulty is that you rarely know if your best friend is a true friend .
Unfortunately , my best friend deceived me . I do n't know how she managed it , but she hurt me .
My cousins are very reliable , like my grandmother and my parents .
The family has a blood bond , so we have a natural empathy .
For all rules there are exceptions .
I do n't trust in some members of my family and I have friends like brothers .
You need to discover who is your best friend . As you go through life , you will learn who is who .
For me , my best friends are in my family , except one .
She
grew up with me and now she is my sister too .
My city is Jaén . It 's in the east of Andalucia and is an important crossroads between the south and the center of Spain .
So an important historical place is St. Katherine 's castle .
This is an old castle from the 10th century and the style is Arabian .
It 's on top of a big hill with difficult slopes to climb up because the most important property is that it is impregnable .
In the reconquest age the stronghold never fell to a direct assault . Finally the Castellan 's army , after a long siege , forced the government to surrender it .
Then , in the 18th century , the Napoleonic army lived in it until the end of the Spanish war of independence .
The French army destroyed it before going back to France .
These days , the castle has been restored and has a history museum . It also has a great hotel with four stars for tourists .
I like this place because I can enjoy good views of my city .
I prepare class every day .
I try to do all the activities in class .
I do n't have enough time to practise and do activities at home .
I need to speak and participate more in class .
We speak most of the time , so it is good to develop our confidence and fluency to converse .
Planes , trains , and boats are the ways to travel .
I think the boat is the best way to travel and I have three reasons for my opinion .
First of all , a boat travels on the sea and the sea is very beautiful .
For instance , when we travel on the sea , we can see many types of animals , such as birds , turtles , and fishes .
Next , a boat is usually very big , so we can do many activities on it , such as dancing , drinking .
Finally , it is the safest way to travel , because we do not have many dangers , such as crashing , falling , any other kinds of danger in the sea .
Therefore , I prefer a boat for travelling , instead of a train or a plane .
All in all , travelling on the sea with a boat can be very interesting and comfortable , in addition , it is very safe .
I advise you to travel by boat if you have enough money for it .
Have you ever been rafting ? Do you know how amazing it is to do this cool sport ? If you do n't know anything about it , it 's high time you did !
I had n't ever heard of doing rafting until my best friend , Carmen , asked me whether I wanted to have a whale of a time with her and I accepted it .
Therefore , we went to join a sports centre which had taken over organising this amazing outdoor activity .
Rafting lets you burn all your adrenaline while you try to get down a river in a mini - boat .
It 's extremely exciting !
In addition , you 'll enjoy the breathtaking landscapes around you and you 'll also see a vast range of wildlife on both sides of the river .
Nevertheless , I would recommend you to wear appropriate clothes and to bring sun cream with you .
In contrast , you could suffer some nasty cuts or , though , be sunburnt .
Let 's go !
Do not hesitate to take up rafting !
You wo n't regret it !
My life now
In my life I have had big experiences that have made me change and mature .
One of the most important experiences , I think , was coming to study in Tijuana .
It was a real challenge for me to live alone .
Before I came here , I was so dependent on my parents and I had a lot of fear , but I learned to overcome all the things that stopped me .
When I was child I lived in Tijuana .
I was born here .
When I was 4 years , old I went to live in Ensenada because my father worked there .
I was used to living with my whole family in Ensenada .
From when I was born to when I was 18 years old , I was living with them , but now I live in a small apartment .
I am studying Nutrition at the University . That is why I am living in Tijuana .
I used to live in assistent house . It was the first place where I lived in Tijuana , then I moved to an apartment with two friends .
Every weekend , I used to go to Ensenada to visit my family , my boyfriend and my friends .
Before I came to live in Tijuana , I was really nervous because I had to leave everything and because it would be a change in my life .
To sum up , coming to live in Tijuana was a real challenge for me .
I learned that you need to face your fears , to achieve your goals .
I do not regret what I did , because I am doing what I like .
Now I am so independent and I have learned how to live alone .
I live in a small village in countryside with only a few people .
Even if we are a small village , we take care of the environment through the use of photovoltaic systems on the roofs of many buildings , such as the nursery school and other buildings that have this system to produce energy .
We separate paper from glass and also plastic .
The garbage truck picks up paper once a week , plastic two times per month and undifferentiated three times a week for all people who live in my country .
My district makes my village clean and it usually tries to make it attractive with new social initiatives for the community .
All people in the world have friends . I 'm not an exception .
When I was 10 years old , I met my best friend .
We have been friends since we started to talk , but our friendship has changed over time .
When we were 12 , we played in the garden with balls and with the other boys and girls , but when we were 12 years old , everything changed . We did n't want to play in the garden because we preferred cinema or watching TV .
Because of age changing us , we did n't see each other , but when we had grown up more , we met on the weekends and sometimes were upset about some problems that we had .
With time we became closer friends .
Now , we argue sometimes but we love each other because he always stay together in the good times to have a coffee or talk about our lives , but we also stay together in the bad times , despite being friends since we were 10 years old .
For this reason , I think that friendship is such an important thing in life .
I think the opposite . I believe that public transportation has a really huge future .
It is true that there are a lot of users that want to use a car and that number is growing . There are also a lot of people that do n't have the possibility to have a car and some use public transportation for many reasons , like the price , because it is easier to get to the place by public transportation rather than a car , or because of the traffic . Sometimes it is so exhausting for people to drive for many hours and even sometimes public transportation is faster .
The population is growing so fast , we need public transportation . It is important .
Public transportation is convenient for some people and some people think the car is more convenient . Finally , we will need public transportation in the future .
In our opinion , globalization is a good thing that is happening to us , allowing us to interact with the whole world , so we can get to know cultures , monuments , etc .
It brings us a lot of opportunities to change and , in some cases , to get a better life in other countries and find a job with the highest salary .
However , we need to change some things in the world , more than these is to change a lot of things in third world countries , because it is not acceptable that in the twenty - first century a person has to live on less than a dollar per day .
Dear Molly ,
I 'm writing about my summer job at the Cinema .
It was really brilliant , because I could see a lot of films for free and I met all the young people of my country .
In the morning , I walked around the cinema and the most important place in my country and I talked about the films that people could watch .
They asked a lot of questions and I very funny for this .
I could n't buy tickets for the films but I could give a lot of discounts to all my friends !
I hope that you are having fun like me .
They paid me a lot of money and I was able to buy a lot of dresses , jeans , shoes , books and make - up .
I saw the new Disney film , " Inside out " and I ate a lot of popcorn !
I cried a lot in this film , but it was very important to me because I love Disney films .
I do n't lose anyone !
Looking forward to your answer
I love you
Marta
First of all , this is a report that will explain how the city of Vancouver handles their rubbish .
Firstly , the city of Vancouver has a programme called Go Green Vancouver that will protect the environment by separating the rubbish by containers . At the same time , there is a collaboration from the city hall of any district that it will provide 3 containers for each house ; one for paper one for bottles , and the last one for rubbish materials .
Secondly , there is a programme with the water company to cut down on the use of water by 50% using a recycling water treatment and recirculating to the house without dumping the waste and so saving our planet .
Finally , every city hall is improving the care of the environment because there is an incentive programme from the government , such that if they cut the of every house by 50% , city halls will get more money from central government .
I strongly believe that grammar is not the most important element for speaking English . If you know grammar , you only know certain rules for writing , but I think that speaking is more important than writing , because when you go to any place in the world , you have to be prepared to talk and understand whatever they say to you . In this part you may notice that if you do n't know vocabulary , you wo n't understand anything . But here is another topic . Whether you understand or not , you have to notice the way that people talk to you , and try to understand what the person is trying to say .
With reference to your e - mail , we discovered that the price should be USD 122 instead of 222 .
Please be advised of the right amount on the settlement date .
Awaiting your prompt amendment .
Cycling is my favourite sport .
It helps me keep healthy .
It leep me in a positive mood .
I can see a lot of scenery in a short time . I can buy goods along the road .
Buying a good bike is the first to do when you start to cycle .
Cycle one or twice a week .
It can prevent colds .
It is clear that technology has provided us with several options for communication .
Perhaps the clearest example of this is that , unlike in the past , it is not necessary to buy envelopes and stamps to send a letter .
Instead , people prefer to email or text to send messages .
Another way this change is evident is that social networking or applications such as Skype , FaceTime and Facebook are widely used to stay in touch with family , friends and relatives
My favourite sport is basketball .
This sport is very easy to play .
You need to play it in a team .
You need to have skill to play it .
This sport is about catching the ball and scoring .
You do exercise to be strong and have ability in your legs and your hands .
I enjoy this because I like it .
I love this sport .
In some cases , you could have an accident , but that 's not likely .
When I 'm playing this sport I have great moments and I learn more and I will have more experience in the future .
It is n't difficult and you can start to play .
Anybody can do this sport .
Basketball is recognized by people all over the world .
By Emma Aguirre Fuentes
Dear Sir ,
I am writing to apply for the job advertised on your webpage .
I see myself as a perfect candidate for this position .
I have already been on camps before .
Yours faithfully
Mary Pink
Dear Sir / Madam ,
I am writing to apply for the job in a summer camp advertised on February 9th in the local newspaper .
I have worked for the last 10 years as a teacher in junior school .
Now I want to utilize my summer to help children in different activities .
I have experience of arranging different sports activities for children .
I am very good at cooking as well , so I think I can be helpful in the kitchen also . I am confident that my profile makes me a very suitable candidate for the summer camp .
I look forward to hearing from you soon .
Yours faithfully
John Alder
The members of my family are my best friends .
Because we spend a lot of time together .
And there is good communication between us .
In my opinion , every family must have good communication , because I think communication is one of the most important things in our life .
We use communication all the time .
Because people have to use many communication techniques to communicate with other people .
However , families that do n't have good communication do n't have a good life .
If we want to have a good life , we must have good communication in our families .
Hi !
My name is Anton .
I live in one of the most beautiful countries - Ukraine .
When I was at school my friends and I attended junior swimming school .
That was 30 years ago .
I used to have training twice a week .
I liked that time a lot .
My friend and I always had ice cream and fun after training .
Now I 'm a business analyst .
I work in an office and have no idea where my friends are .
This year I decided to start visiting a pool and swimming up to three times a week .
Now , when I swim in the open pool , I am overwhelmed by positive emotions .
I like swimming a lot .
Nowadays , the option of broadening the mind while traveling is very common .
I think that it is not the only way , but it is the best way .
Apart from that , you see new places and you have fun . You also learn about other cultures , historical facts , you also learn to respect other people and their customs .
In addition , you do n't think about your problems and the only thing that you do is have fun and do what you want to do .
Besides , you see new worlds and their ways of life and that helps to open your mind , to see the world in another way .
In conclusion , I think that it is the best way to open your mind . Not the only way , but yes , the best way .
Many countries have truly started to be concerned about the environment and worried about globe warming . In schools , teachers are doing their best to educate children in how to take care of their schools and keep them tidy . Also , they teach them in how to plant trees in the public gardens of their towns .
Although the government strict so many laws and taxes on the people who do not pay their taxes to the council for removal of the rubbish from towns and villages , in the biggest polluted city in the world , people have started to use bicycles and cycle instead of driving their cars to reduce the pollution of their city . Also , they invented different ways to plant even every little area which can be planted to keep their city clean and attractive .
First of all , I disagree with that statement , because of the reasons I am about to give .
Once we stop using public transport , it is going to cause problems .
For example , if we completely rely on using cars it is going to increase the use of gasoline .
Apparently , it is going to cause more pollution and more global warming issues .
However , using cars makes life easier , but when everyone or every house owns at least three cars , it is too much .
Although traffic jams , accidents etc .. .
Public transport is really important and it has a lot of advantages to help humanity .
In my opinion , every country should have different kinds of public transport ;
buses , subways , and trains .
For instance , San Francisco is a great example of an incredible city . The variety of choices of public transport is remarkable .
In spite of the cost of these facilities , it is going to be expensive , but it is necessary .
In conclusion , governments should work on that , because people need public transport and the world for the environment , life expanses it is much cheaper than having a car .
I hope to see it around the world . Public transport is something we can not do without or replace with another thing .
In the future , public transport will disappear .
Everyone will have his own car .
Cars will be safer and speedier than now .
Traveling by car will be the most suitable
way to move from one place to another .
Recommend to friends what country they should go to .
I would like to recommend friends to visit Italy .
First of all , nowadays , wherever we go we can find Italian restaurants easily .
There is a lot of food all over the world .
but I think Italian restaurants are getting famous .
Second , beautiful tourist places like Venice .
I went to Italy when I was 20 .
It was awesome .
There is no word to describe it .
Venice is a city that is based on water .
There are no cars , no metro in Venice .
On the other hand , it could be complicated , but nobody complains .
I think that 's why this city can maintain a safe environment .
Third , Italy is famous for fashion .
It attracts many fashionable people .
If you are a person who loves fashion , you will enjoy going there .
The last thing is history .
This country has a lot of history .
So it makes me excited .
So if you want to visit any country , I 'm going to recommend Italy .
The biggest anecdote , that I have with my friend , was our trip to Disney World .
Where we were able to visit all the parks of Disney , like Animal Kingdom , Hollywood studios and Magic kingdom .
In addition , we were able to visit other parks , like Universal and Bush Garden .
But this is not the end of our trip . We went on a voyage on a Royal Caribean cruise ship , where all the food and drink was free , because it was also paid .
During the voyage , we disembarked in the Bahamas and CoCo kay , which is a private island belonging to the cruise . We went to the beach and played so many games .
To sum up , this trip was the best experience we have had in our lives , because we made friends , visited a new country and we had a lot of fun .
All about me
My name is Laura .
I 'm thirteen years old and live in Stocksund with my two families ( they do n't all live in the same house ) .
I have one twin sister , one little sister and one little brother .
I have a dog named Atlas and he is a Berner Sennen/ Landser .
He is four years old ( the same age as my little brother ) .
I love horses and I do horse riding at Djursholms ridklubb .
I take care of a horse called Lady .
My grandpa lives in Spain with my stepgrandma , but she is like my grandma .
My stepmother 's mom is also like my grandma .
I do n't like spiders or shoots .
I went to an awesome concert of points of view and I look forward to telling you how it was .
But let me tell you it was a concert by the Lala Band and I have taken and I especially , I was the cameraman .
It was an excellent night .
The concert began at 20:00 and a lot of people came .
We were all excited , those from Lala Band minunate .
Their . Their voices have positive vibration through their music and give you a good feeling .
On the stage they move very well and know how to give pleasure to the public .
I feel wonderful and my promise is that when I have a special occasion to go to a concert supported by Lala Band , you will be with me .
As like this in all my heart .
I . I hope as those recounted by me in this mail and you feel a slight vibration from the concert .
Hi Emma ,
are you busy now ?
I heard that you really have a lot of work activities now .
Yesterday I watched Fast to Furious at the cinema .
You know that I love action films like this .
While watching the film , I imagined if I was the fiancee of Adam .
OMG , I can ' t stop imagining it still .
The main character is so cool , charismatic , and patient .
You must watch it too , because your favorite actor is also in this film .
He is in a secondary role , but I am really sure you will have imagined as liar as me too .
Why are there so many cool men in this world ?
xoxo
The latest exciting movie that I am looking forward to is " Get hard " starring Kevin Heart and Will Ferrell .
This movie is based on racial humor .
A white man racially profiles a black man .
Kevin Heart is in a difficult situation because he is nothing at all what this man expects him to be , but he plays the role anyway .
The movie is already a success , opening at the box office with a $ 36 million endorsement .
I am very excited about seeing Kevin Heart and Will Ferrell 's characters come together .
They seem to have great chemistry between them .
I think if you 're a comedy fan you will be excited about seeing this movie and , even if you 're not , the movie is a must - see .
Dear Sir ,
I am writing to apply for the Summer Camp Job .
My name is Filipa and I am sure that I am the perfect person for this job .
I am used to children . I have two sisters who are 9 and 11 years old and I take care of them all the time .
I am not used to cooking for this number of people , but I am a hard worker and I am a fast learner , so I am certain that I will be a great help to you this summer .
I hope that you consider my application and contact me about the job .
Best regards ,
Filipa
Dear Sir ,
I 'm writing on behalf of Mrs Renata Barczak .
30th October works for Renata to meet in Berlin .
I checked connections between Warsaw and Berlin and she will be at Berlin Ostbf station at 11.10 .
Is it possible to arrange a meeting near this station ?
I think in the future it wo n't be necessary to use public transport . And why ?
To put it simply , the new generation has decided to take their driving licence and I have seen this around me , with my colleagues , my friends , my family .
It 's just a question of time until everybody has a car .
This affirmation : travelling by car is so much more convenient , says everything . For example , if we think of the time we spend on waiting for a bus to arrive at our destination , and the traffic is one of a lot of things that makes everyone prefer to buy a car . It is more practical and faster .
Do n't forget the cost .
In my opinion , the price of a ticket on the bus is expensive .
Every year the price of public transport goes up .
We can stop and do some mental arithmetic and we can see the large amount of money we spend each year .
If we have a car , I believe we do n't spend much money .
It 's just my opinion , because this is my life , so I know what I am talking about .
Every month I buy my pass to use on the bus .
I am part of the new generation who in the future will use cars and the public transport will disappear .
Hi Isabel ,
How are you ?
Where are you from ?
I 'm from Italy . I live in Varese , a beautiful town not far from Milan in Lombardia .
Varese has many attractions among which there is the lake , where I like to go .
My favourite place in the town is Estensi gardens , where I go walking with my friends in the afternoon .
Michael is a nice boy but one day he met Julia .
Julia is a pretty girl .
They spent time together and were very happy .
But Michael sometimes has a problem .
He is proud ; it 's not a good way to be .
On Saturday they fought and Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Public transport is important for everyone .
People should walk more than before .
That makes them healthy .
Nowadays , many accidents happen when people are driving their cars .
They travel around all over the world by plane .
The young people feel happier .
In the argument , the author asserted that the city should prohibit skateboarding in Central Plaza .
The author claimed that the business dropping is caused by the increasing number of skateboard users .
Likewise , the skateboard users brought a lot of garbage that affects the stores in the plaza .
Based on the author 's two concerns , the statement that came to the conclusion that to prohibit skateboarding in Central Plaza is not a thoughtful and wise decision .
First of all , there is a contradiction in the argument .
If more skateboard users are willing to go to Central Plaza , there are more customers to help the growth of business .
This is contrary to the author 's assertion .
From this point view , the decrease in business must be caused by other factors , but not skateboard users .
However , there are many reasons that can cause business to drop off .
Probably , the stores are too old in Central Plaza , which could not attract customers to walk into them , and they will have to be renovated .
Furthermore , the products for sale in the stores might not meet customers ' needs .
The above reasons could influence the business in Central Plaza directly .
Second , the author claimed that the sanitation problem caused by skateboard users is not only happen by specific person , whenever more customers should bring more waste and wrongdoing .
Those problems suggest that there is not sufficient security in Central Plaza .
Moreover , the problem would case by skateboarding immediately is the skateboard users taking over pedestrian walking space .
To solve this problem , the city should set up more space and facilities for skateboarding , and separate the different spaces for walking and skateboarding .
To sum up , the author 's prediction wo n't happen if the city prohibits skateboarding .
In contact author 's concerns , the increasing skateboard users would bring more potential to improve business in Central Plaza .
On the other hand , the author should provide profound discussion why people who come to Central Plaza do n't shop there .
The condition of the stores and safety are two crucial factors that affect business in the plaza .
To strengthen the author 's conclusion , the author should put the factors above into the argument .
I have a big family which consists of three sisters and one brother .
But when comparing my family with my father 's family ,
I do n't feel that , because he has five sisters and three brothers .
When my sisters are married they have one or two children at most . I think the Egyptian family has become smaller with the passage of time .
Cocaine is the most dangerous addiction .
Firstly , cocaine damages your senses and your mind . If you take cocaine , you wo n't sleep that day .
Secondly , it 's so addictive , because the body needs more and more , so if you take cocaine , you will leave because you 'll be an addict .
Finally , the consequence of cocaine is death . If you inhale cocaine all the time or a lot , you will die prematurely .
In conclusion , cocaine is the most dangerous addiction , because you die prematurely and your body is destroyed by the cocaine .
Oh , cool ! I haven't watched BH6 yet u.u
Yeah , first time is OK .
But if you want , I see some work in special Feel free to show me via note or mention ^^
There is an increasing trend towards private transport so that public transport will be reduced in the future .
Ultimately , public transport will be negligible in the future .
There are so many reasons that could affect the public transport system .
The main one is that nowadays people are incredibly busy with their day to day life , so that they do n't like to spend their valuable time waiting for regular transport . Also , public transport causes lots of pollution which is harmful for human beings .
For example , lunchtime travelling is very dangerous for pregnant women due to emissions of carbon mon oxide , which affects red blood cells and irritates the respiratory system . As a result , they prefer private transport systems to prevent such hazards .
Finally , the public transport system is not always safe .
To illustrate , if teenage girls travel by public transport every day who will interact with society beyond the limitation.so it is a big challenge for them .
To whom it may concern
I am writing this e - mail because we want to hire your company to do the accounting for our company .
Principally , we need to have the Financial States , so we need them as fast as you can because , if not , we will have legal problems .
I would like to know if you can give us those services and in what time you l have them .
Also , if it is the case , I would like to arrange a meeting to give you all the documents you need .
I am looking forward to your answer .
Sincerely , Tania Amado .
Dear friends ,
Thank you for the weekend .
We really enjoyed it !
Your new house near the beach is very nice .
We enjoyed swimming in the sea , sunbathing , having a barbecue and seeing the sunset .
For next time , we would like to invite you to our woodhouse .
We hope to see you soon !
Best wishes !
The graph shows the seasonal sales of ice - cream in two places - one is from an ice - cream van while the other is in an indoor public swimming pool , from 2012 to 2014 .
The line which represents the indoor swimming pool remains fairly steady , from approximately 1800 to 2500 , the period of every year from April to June and October to December has the highest outstanding achievement , whilst the sales are downwards overall .
However , compared to the line for the indoor swimming pool , the difference of seasonal achievement of the ice - cream van is considerably larger .
Overall , the achievement of the ice - cream van is better than the indoor swimming pool , from about 1100 to 5500 .
The best season to sell ice cream from the van is autumn , while that is one of the worst seasons for the indoor swimming pool .
The discrepancy between these two places is great .
The best sales achievement of the van is 4500 , 5000 , 5500 respectively .
One day many years ago in some place that a do n't remember the name of , I woke up one morning earlier than usual , then I went to the kitchen and shouted the name of my mother ... but no one answered , and the first thing that I imagined was that they had gone to town . Quickly , I went out to find them ...
But there was no one , absolutely no one . I was scared , I yelled and screamed , looked and looked , but I had no success .
Suddenly I felt a warm hand touch my shoulder and very slowly turned , but the only thing I saw was a shadow that was holding a knife .
I woke up and realised it had all been a bad dream .
Recently , when I was on YouTube , I saw a movie trailer . The film looked so good , and days later , my friends asked me if I wanted to go with them to the cinema , so I decided to go and , luckily , they had decided to see the film that I had seen days before .
The film is a romantic movie . It is about a man , Noa , who lives in a small seaside town , who falls in love with a rich girl . But like always , the girl 's parents did not like Noa 's life , because the girl 's father thinks that Noa is not good enough for their daughter .
And at the end of the summer , the girl leaves , but next year she comes again . But this time , she has a boyfriend and this breaks Noa 's heart .
What Noa does not know is that she was in love with him from the first time that she saw him .
First of all , I should say that I like a lot of different kinds of sports .
One of my favourite types of sport is swimming .
I have been swimming since childhood . I enjoy myself while I am swimming .
Swimming develops all types of muscles .
You can swim all year in the swimming pool , sea , rivers and so on .
My advice to anyone who starts swimming is to enjoy yourself while you swim .
Thank you for your attention !
With the rising prices for public transport in London , commuters are choosing to use their cars more and more .
Public transport was created to relieve the traffic in big town centres and also to facilitate workers ' commutes .
Nowadays , trains and buses are usually packed and the ticket fares are very expensive .
I particularly decided to drive to do my day - to - day tasks such as , shopping , visiting friends , church and so on .
To whom it may concern :
I came upon your ad in the newspaper and I wish to apply for the job .
I 'm a great people person and have great knowledge of computers , organising activities for children and also I 'm a jr . chef .
I hope you can grant me the opportunity to have a meeting .
Sincerely yours ,
Mario Monteagudo
What a nice poem , at least mention the name of a proficient poet too .
I also hope to meet a group of old friends once again to revive the wonderful and unforgettable shared memories of student life .
Tell me what happened at our first meeting ?
If it is unspeakably for public readings , thus mention it in the email .
Thanks for your good wishes as well .
Hi my name is Robert .
My favourite sport is basketball .
I really like this sport .
I was 7 years old when I played it for the first time .
My first match was when I was in school .
Our team won this match .
We were happy .
My advice to anyone who wants to play this game , is that you do n't have to be tall or fast , when you play you have to think a lot .
I enjoy this game because the most important thing is team work . You have to understand each other .
It 's really important to be tall because you will score points faster and better .
My favourite player is Marcin Gortat .
He is a Polish basketball player .
He is really tall , he is 202 centimeters .
My history of basketball was very short .
I ca n't give you much advice , but one thing I know , team work is the most important thing in this game .
To begin , everything is very difficult here .
In the first place , my country 's politics are bad , and people have no work .
In the second place , there are very important people , and they want to have a lot of money .
Young people want to find a good job here , but they are working in MacDonald 's or Burger King for a low salary .
If you want to work here , you must know languages , for example , English , French or German .
You must be a person in charge and a worker , and you will be able to find good work .
My family have a company , and if you want , you could work with them .
I wish you lots of luck here .
If you have any problems , you can call me ! !
I will wait for your call .
Television plays an essential part in our life ; we turn it on nearly every day , since it can make life more interesting .
Television entertains us , it can also educate .
There are two points to prove it .
For one , a show broadcast on television may enlighten us and give us some enlightenment .
Teleplays are not just for fun ; they can have a deep meaning . A short story tells big , just like a useful book .
So , why ca n't television educate us ?
For another , there are many different types of programs which can broaden our views ; they give details of education , plus other meaningful information , such as documentaries , talk shows and so on .
These programs are not just for killing time , but for educating .
Television is just like a kaleidoscope , there are various materials provided for us .
To sum up , television entertains ; it can also educate .
Syria has a lot of good restaurants .
The Damascus restaurant at the centre of the city is quite a nice place to have a meal .
It has all kinds of food , even really fancy food .
You can enjoy having your breakfast there with your family , because they have so many types of food .
This restaurant also has games for children , which they can spend their time playing with .
It also includes a huge car park , so you can park your own car for free .
On Friday they serve special food for those who do n't have enough money to pay .
It 's a very nice restaurant which I like the most .
The invention of the car made people 's lives easier .
No No longer do they have to solely depend on public transport .
Though public transport is cheaper and one could get to know many people , and increase one 's network .
But public transport has a fixed schedule and on a busy day not many can really enjoy their journey .
Public transport ca n't help when one has to travel suddenly or to go somewhere that it does n't pass through .
At those times , a car is convenient to use .
Ever increasing crowds in cities and traffic problems are increasing .
The home of the future .
These days , houses are very different , but in the future houses will be
perhaps the same .
The future houses will be different not in terms of architecture , but in terms of functionality .
Different people will need different functions , options and functionality in the future house .
This will be like in ancient times , but in the past the houses were the same all round .
The progress of technology is very fast .
From : horses , steam vehicle , first petrol and gas car to future cars when the fuel will be electricity .
The last film I saw was " The Enormous Island " , so I am going to review it for the students film club .
The film that I selected stars Scarlett Johansson and Brad Pitt .
The film was produced in 2010 by the well - known director Stanley Kubrick .
The film tells us the story of Monica ( Scarlett Johansson ) and her routine life on " Cretacro " , an enormous mysterious island located in the Pacific Ocean . The problems start when Monica falls in love with Martin .
Martin was a solitary and quiet guy who moved to Cretacro to relax , but he changed when he met Monica in the main restaurant .
I work in a coffee shop in the city centre .
One of my main responsibilities is preparing something by 7.30 am so I get up at 6 every morning and I leave home for work at 6.45 am .
I finish work at about 5 pm .
After that , I go to English class 3 days a week .
In addition , I spend my free time doing Yoga or cooking good meals for my family .
My hobby
Books , books and again books .
I really like to read everything I can catch and I will have a look in every book to see what it is about .
Often , I like to read biographies , history books and novels , and I really like Jane Austen 's books .
I have all her collected works at home and I enjoy a lot having a trip with her characters in Bath and all around . I like to read children 's books and I had lots of fun with Beatrix Potter books and all her little animals ; with Peter and all of them .
At home I have lots of books here and in my country , but I like to go to the library and sometimes I go and have a look in charity shops and at boot sales , because I can find lots of nice books and pay a very good price for them .
When I need a book for my English classes , I go to Waterstone or to Amazon .
A few months ago , I read Les Miserables , by Victor Hugo . I read this book when I was in high school , but I did n't think about the subject .
But now I really enjoyed it , and my best friend bought me a ticket to a theatre to see the musical show , which was amazing . For s couple of hours , I did n't move . It was a brilliant present .
This Saturday , I started a new book by Francine River , the book is called The Warrior . I haven't finished the first chapter , but I find the book very good .
I have read other books by this writer and I really enjoyed them .
Public transport in the near future
Nowadays , there are many modes of public transportation , such as underground , buses , etc . , but it is a reality that people prefer to travel by car .
Currently , traveling by car is more useful than public transport ; you can move around the city and reduce the time it takes . Sometimes you can share your car with friends or family and this way of travelling is cheaper .
Teacher , I know travelling by car is the most convenient .
However , I think your opinion is similar to what our forebears thought , because for them , society was never going to get the transport we have nowadays .
It is difficult for us to imagine a world in which there are not cars like we are used to seeing .
Nevertheless , I believe that technology will make progress in the future .
Moreover , we still have a lot of things which we can and must improve , like security , comfort and economic resources .
On the other hand , we should know that every means of transportation may be changed in 50 years .
Maybe we will invent flying cars or electric bikes .
For all these reasons , I think that we should be prudent when we assess means of transportation .
According to Wordsworth , a poet is not an ordinary man , he has a greater sensitivity and knowledge .
The power of imagination makes him become a teacher : he has to show men how to understand their feelings and the nature that surrounds them .
The poet is seen as a prophet , he has to improve people 's moral life and drive them to the truth .
He is the only one who can produce poetry in a simple language , thanks to imagination and memory .
I live in a big city and I have the opportunity to see a lot of tourists during the year .
Sometimes I give them some information about the names of streets or where the main monuments are .
I have no particular problem helping them , but I often have some doubts about suggesting a place to go shopping .
The reason is that in my city there are a lot of good shopping facilities for tourists .
An example could be to have free entry to the Campidoglio museum if you buy a local newspaper .
Also , there are some well - known brands ready to give a special prize if you buy a souvenir after 8 pm .
As you see , there are a lot of opportunities for tourists to spend their money in my city .
You have only to choose what is the best for you .
You will not regret it .
Hello , I really want this job , because I 'm a happy person who enjoys nature , travelling around the world , and having a lot of friends .
I 'd like to work in the team area , and shows , and tell stories , because I like to talk to people , and I like kids .
I can speak English and I really enjoy doing so .
My town makes great efforts to take care of the environment . They have put many bins in the streets to keep it clean and they prevent private transport on many days to keep the air clean . They plant trees to absorb co2 and release oxygen , they build factories away from the houses of citizens to prevent the respiratory diseases which are a result of air pollution from factories . So , not only my country itself but also individuals follow a proper procedure to keep the environment clean .
Football is my favourite sport and I enjoy it because it is an aggressive game and fun .
The game starts with a ball at the centre of the field and then one of the two teams kicks it .
The goal is to get the ball inside the opponents ' net using only your foot .
In 1994 , The Scream , one of the most expensive paintings in the world , was stolen from the National Gallery of Oslo ( Norway ) .
At first , the police detectives thought one of the special gangs had stolen the painting .
Then , researchers found out that Pal Enger , the most famous art thief in Norway , was the person who had stolen the painting .
He only needed 50 seconds to steal the painting .
When he stole the painting he wrote a note saying : " thank you for your good security " and when he was arrested he declare that it was very easy to steal the painting .
3 months ago , he wanted 1 million dollars for the painting , but the Norwegian government said no .
Finally , the Norwegian police got the painting back thanks to a police investigation .
I have developed organizational and time management skills through my work with different companies .
In particular , I am highly skilled at welcoming and directing customers .
About my personality , I am outgoing and enthusiastic .
I also have problem - solving skills .
In my previous job , I was paid the compliment that
whenever there was a problem , I could notice it and could solve it quickly .
I can provide extraordinary service with a smile , even if I was in an unexpected situation .
With these qualifications and personality , I believe that they will prove me to be an ideal candidate for 5-star Cabin Crew at Qatar Airways .
2 Attachments
Wasting time is a huge issue in our lives . A lot of knowledge is related to time , such as history , education and health .
We discuss a special topic about ‽time . This famous quote explains my previous idea " time is a sword ; if you do not cut it , it will cut you " .
Many people do n't care about wasting their time even when they are busy .
Actually , in my life , I consider it as the king of my system , who controls the whole of my day .
There are some people treat time like something of their own , they have the right to waste it and the right to look after it .
On the other hand , some people let time control their lives .
However , we should have a balance between both types .
She wasted it . She can not get it back .
There is a time to love and a time to hate .
Also , there is a time to break down and a time to build up .
Imagine how you would live if you did n't have knowledge of the thing called ' time ' .
I will tell you my negative attitude about time before I take a lesson from my brother .
I did not care about time . I used to say , this is my life and my time .
But this changed after my brother arranged with me to organize our time .
He would leave me at home or I had to pay him two riyals for every minute if I was late for him .
When I asked him to take me someplace , I can not count how many times I stayed at home because I was late .
On time , penictual
I think that there is a future for public transport , because there are still people who can not afford to buy a car , even though travelling by car is much more convenient .
We have to consider that people need to earn sufficient money to support their families and be able to buy a car .
I 'm Sara and i 'm 24 years old .
I 'm interested in this job because at the moment I haven't got a job .
I 'm a hard - working person and I like children .
In the workplace I 'm a responsible person , I am never late .
Also , I always work with children and I have a teaching qualification . I'm a friendly person and I have a good CV .
My experience of this job is extensive .
I began to work 4 years ago in a special children 's school .
This job is great because I also learn a lot of things .
I like to do sports activities and educational activities .
My favourite activities are out in the open air .
I like to prepare my activities a week before , then when I have to do this activity it is quicker .
I think that this job is for the children 's enjoyment , so I 'm the right person because I like playing with them .
In terms of making bank notes , the picture below demonstrates the process of making them .
There are mainly 4 steps : design , preparation , printing and inspecting .
This essay will explain these different steps .
Firstly , personnel design the background colour , the artwork and the security features on the bank notes , which is also done in process of other card , such , such as notes for supermarkets .
Then , in the preparation process , skilled machinists prepare metal plates for printing .
After sheets of bank notes are printed , there are differences and specials for it , it uses special ink , and prints colors on both sides , and images are slightly raised .
Finally , inspectors at the bank manually check all printing sheets and divide them into three categories : " bad sheets " are sent for disposal , where things are securely destroyed ; " Good quality sheets " will go for packaging and distribution , where sheets are cut , packed and dispatched .
However , sheets that are " partially damaged " will be inspected again and separated into good and bad sheets and sent for further actions .
I 'd like to write on this subject because it 's a very important topic .
My favourite sport is football . I like it so much . It means a lot to me . It means partnership , teamwork , entertainment , exercise .
The whole world gets together to support their favourite teams & the boys play it in the streets together .
I enjoy it when I watch it on TV or when I attend it in the stadium & support my team with my flag & cheers .
I advise anyone who dreams of being a member of the most famous teams to work on himself a lot and play football a lot to be professional in this sport and show a lot of matches & followed by captain supervised on him
This issue is not clear - cut on both money and job satisfaction are important in deciding on a career in our life .
I think that , on balance , it is more important to try to get satisfaction .
First , happiness comes from inside our mind .
We work eight hours a day , so if we submerge in a bloody pond for a long time , we could definitely make ourselves frustrated .
I would choose a job with satisfaction .
In my own case , I work as a co - cook in a diner .
Cooking has been my favorite in my life .
Customer satisfaction brings me happiness .
Although the heat in the kitchen can burn us , the smile on the customers ' faces gives us the best courage .
Also , the satisfaction of the customers pushes me to work harder and be better at my job .
Job satisfaction could make us to purchase perfection .
The better I can perform the more I can earn .
As a result , job satisfaction is a good way to get paid better .
I believe I could someday become a chef in my own restaurant and serve my customers a fabulous dish .
On the whole , therefore , I feel that it is best to go for a career that we will enjoy if that is possible .
Dear Paul ,
What 's up ?
I 'm writing to you with great news .
I want to tell you about the concert which I went to last month .
It was the best concert of my life .
As you know , I adore Madonna .
She can make a very exciting show and surprise her fans .
The people of my city are working to keep it clean .
They have purchased green bins and they have done graffiti that says : Keep the city clean is all .
They also have a playground where children can play and moms can sit on benches and gray when grandparents accompany their grandchildren and a red deck painted with some dolls that say ,
What is my city clean .
I will talk about passion in life .
Passion is the best thing you have to achieve your goals .
Passion is something that makes you happy in your life .
When you have the desire to do something , something you always dreamt of achieving , something touches you inside not only when you do it , but also when you think about it .
You should calm down and get away from the fast lifestyle and decide to do something or apply for a job which makes you a great man , and then you will find your passion .
The Home of the Future .
At the moment we have a nice house with a garden .
But what will there be in the future ?
Possibly , we will live in space or underground .
In the future , everything could change .
It could be painted with new colours .
It could have flowers .
But I think that not many things will change .
Probably , houses will be smaller or bigger .
They wo n't look like big white balls .
A variety of negative impacts appear as a result of rapid urbanization .
Urban flooding is one of them .
Not only the growing proportion of impervious surfaces , but also the " false " green infrastructure contributes to it .
Mountains of studies have demonstrated that green infrastructure is an economical , beautiful and effective strategy to control stormwater .
However , urban flooding keeps raging , even when the amount of green infrastructure fulfils the stormwater - control needs in some areas .
What is the obstacle that stopped these green infrastructures from providing the ecosystem service of mitigating and eliminating urban flooding ?
Each person has a favourite sport and so do I. I really like soccer because it is exciting and I can learn many things when I play it .
As you know , soccer is a sport which has many people in a team , so it requires us to unite and assist each other .
Most girls do n't like this . I think that it brings us energy , we need to do exercise , have a reasonable diet ... and so on .
I hope that you will try it someday and realize it is true .
Our mistakes make us better than before . If in life we did n't make any mistakes , we would n't succeed . That 's why mistakes are very important in life and I believe our mistakes improve us .
But on the other hand there just one mistake and you could not come back or arranged your mistake
This article is about what I think about the efficiency of public transport .
When I lived for more than 12 years in the countryside , I was dependent on buses and trains .
In the morning , I needed to get to school and , in the evenings , public transport helped me to get home .
I am of the opinion that more frequent and more regular transport is needed .
Spontaneous activities were impossible as you always had to plan in advance .
I could hardly wait for my 18th birthday .
I do agree television advertising directed toward young children should not be allowed for several reasons .
First , this kind of advertisement should be forbidden on account of the fact that young children are still very vulnerable .
Kids around these ages ( 2 to 5 years old ) do not have a mature critical sense and anything can easily persuade them .
For instance , when I was three years old , I used to be captivated by all the toys which were presented in TV commercials just because of the way they were presented .
One of them was " the ultimate max steel " , which was about a hundred dollars .
Secondly , I am also opposed to the allowance of this advertising because of the severe consequences it has on the parents ' and child 's relationships .
It is common to see parents having issues with their kids because of this kind of commercial .
Many parents have an unhealthy relationship , or even a wrecked relationship , with their kids .
One example is what happened to my cousin Patricia when she had her first child , called Sophia .
One day , Sophia got really excited about an advertisement for a barbie doll and she could not think about anything else than having this toy .
Unfortunately , my cousin did not have enough money to buy it , but her daughter - a three - year - old kid - did not understand it and got angry with Patricia , not speaking to her for three weeks !
In conclusion , I am strongly in favour of this statement . Advertisements for young kids , not only upto 5 but upto 8 years old should be forbidden because of the kid 's vulnerability and the risk to their parents ' relationships with them .
Finally , if the advertisements are still broadcast , it is essential some educational politics comes with them , valorizing and teaching kids about understanding their parents .
Dear Mrs Kate Ashby ,
I read your advertisement in my newspaper last week .
You have asked for a waiter in your cafe .
I think it 's a great job for me .
I 'm very talented at working with people .
At school , I learned to cook and to wait on tables .
Also , I can work long hours .
In another job before , I worked 8 hours per day .
So I think , it 's no problem for me to stay and work the whole day .
I did a one - week internship in a restaurant in my village .
There I saw how a venture like this works and you wo n't have to show me the whole job again .
I 'm really interested in that job .
By the way , I live near to the cafe , so I have a short duty stroke and will come punctually every time .
Yours sincerely
Niklas Lakatos
Dear Mrs Ashby ,
I am writing in response to your advertisement which I saw in " The Daily Magazine " last week .
I would like to be considered for work in your cafe during the weekends .
I am a twenty - year - old student currently studying to be a chef .
I consider myself to be a responsible and enthusiastic person .
I am really interested in different kinds of food and I love to cook .
I have some experience in this kind of job as I worked in a restaurant for two years .
I am used to dealing with people and their orders to eat , and also , I am used to working long hours as I am studying while I am trying to get a job .
If you need any further information , please do not hesitate in contact me .
Yours faithfully ,
Yoana .
My town is very beautiful and I like it very much because there are not any dirty streets in it .
The governor of my city is seeking to develop it and he said it will be the capital of the delta actually in 30 years .
The people in my town deal with rubbish by healthy methods . The citizens collect the rubbish and throw it in big boxes far away from the city .
Tanta will be an attractive city and it will be an important tourist destination in the future .
If you are looking for a movie to see , I recommend " Nemo " . It 's the most beautiful Disney movie .
The story is about a couple of clownfish who are attacked by a shark . Only the dad and one baby egg survived .
The baby 's name was Nemo .
When Nemo grows up , he goes to his first day at school , and there he is captured by a man .
The only thing they found was a pair of goggles that said the home of the man .
Nemo 's father knew a fish called Doris that wanted to helped him . They cross all the ocean to go to Nemo 's location to save him , while Nemo tries to survive in a dentist 's house .
They finally meet and are happy again with a lot of good friends .
I think you would love it .
With love , Santiago .
This question is awkward for me because I do not like sport .
When I was young , I tried Badminton , Squash and Teakwondo .
I do n't do sport now .
I try to keep fit , and I walk one hour every day .
It is a fact that pollution is one of the biggest concerns of the modern world .
The reason can be attributed to increased consumerism and lack of awareness about waste management .
In the following paragraphs , I am going to analyze these issues in a detailed way to provide a solution .
Dear Tom
I fully understand why it is so difficult to decide which activity is more important for you .
I think I would have the same dilemma .
However , sometimes we need to sacrifice something when we do n't have enough time for everything .
As you know , I am a person who likes sport and music , but if I had to decide which of those activities is more important , then I would choose sport .
I think physical activity can give us more benefits in our life .
For example , if you are active every day , you can keep your health in good condition .
Sports activity also makes us feel more flexible and ready to face every day .
In conclusion , I think you should give up your music classes .
Regards
Mikolaj
Truly , there is no future for public transport .
Nowadays , cars are more affordable than ever .
Almost every single household has more than one car .
With the development of technology , people will use other means of transport .
Bearing in mind that society is also changing , people will tend to choose a place of work which is near their home and wo n't need to spend time travelling .
We are witnessing a great development in working from home these days , which will also lead to fewer people using public transport .
Three Suggestions to be a Doctor
Do you want to be a doctor ? Many people around the world want to help people , so they choose to study medical .
If you want to be a doctor , you should do these three things .
First , you have to study hard every single day at high school .
When study hard at high school , you will be
By looking at the current situation of people 's lives , we can imagine the changes that could occur in the future .
People are not interested in physical exercise & healthy food . Instead they are very interested in earning money .
With no physical exercise & healthy food , people are damaging their health and family relations .
Now Nowadays , nobody has enough time to spend with family . Instead , they prefer to make more money by working extra hours .
If people live the same way as now , in the future , people will be considered as working robots instead of human beings .
When I was a junior high school student , I enjoyed playing basketball with my classmates .
For several reasons , I really liked to play basketball . First , playing basketball can train your muscles and make the body healthier . Second , my classmates and I all know how to win a game from basketball because basketball is a team sport .
If you play basketball and enjoy the game , you just go to the basketball court with a basketball , and try to throw the ball into the basket again and again .
Do n't forget to play with your friends .
Three paradigms result from the attempt to characterize Spanish tourism research epistemologically through the study of the AECIT Conference proceedings .
They are distinguished mainly by the disciplines from which they come : marketing and management , economics and geography .
Not everyone has a car , so public transport is needed in every country .
Public transport helps people to get to work on time and helps to reduce pollution .
Also , for low income families , who could n't afford to buy new cars , public transposition will help them to survive .
Public transport also reduces the daily traffic .
It helps people to keep on track in their schedule .
Hello , I like people and children and I like to play and have fun with children . It 's very cool .
I 'm a very happy person and very interested in cooking and all things about the kitchen . It 's cool . My dream job is cook .
Hi Michael ,
How are you ? I just want to say hello .
Currently , I am in Syntagma square in Athens and it 's tremendously hot weather ! The sun is literally burning ! I 'm going to have a meeting with other international volunteers here in an hour .
I am looking forward to it like a small kid ! :)
I had the pleasure of visiting Hotel Sparta in Omonia square on my first day in Greece .
I spent last night at this hotel .
I watched a Greek TV show .
Dear Dana Grey ,
I am getting in touch with you to inform you that from November 1 different activities will be carried out in Caceres to attract numerous tourists from different places .
There will be leaflets , cartels at its disposal , in which it will be possible to find museums , churches , exhibitions .
Also , this year Caceres is the gastronomic capital . Therefore , they will find typical menus with products from Extremadura in its restaurants .
I recommend you to visit Caceres .
The best thing it is what stay for visiting .
If there are any questions , do not hesitate to contact me .
Sheila Giménez
Ágora Manager
Can we really confirm that there is no future for public transport ? If so , we will have to drive a car instead of buying a ticket for public transport and going to the office , the city , or home and so on using private transport . However we should also think that in the centre there is no parking for cars or there is not enough for all private cars , so , if we use public transport , we can simplify our lives and spend less , simply because we are able to save money and time .
A comparison between people who like to use public transport and private transport shows that the former can save money and time but they are also much more relaxed than people who use private transport .
Finally , I do n't think that private transport is much better than public transport .
I hope that those people who wrote this article can change their thinking and can likely to write a very useful article .
I like volleyball because it is part of my life and of the life of my mother . It is my favorite sport , but I like other sports too , same I do n't play volleyball because I 'm bad , and my friends that I know , do n't like people who are bad at volei .
I'm watch them playing . They 're really very good , but when they play other schools , they 're very bad .
In the modern growing world , the basic needs of the general public are increasing day by day and their expectations of quality of life have taken on new dimensions .
When we were children , we used to use public transport for going from one place to another because that was the only cheap option available .
But today , things are changing and technology plays a significant role in our lives . The automobile industry increased its vertical and having a car has become a necessity rather than a luxury .
We can see nowadays , more and more people would prefer to use their own car instead of buses or taxis because they feel comfortable and mobile in it .
A car can help a person to go anywhere and at any time in much less time compared to public transport .
I believe that as soon as the automobile industry develops new technology in cars , people will be more keen to use their own vehicle instead of public transport .
There are many reasons responsible for a better understanding between parents and child .
The first reason is none other than the generation gap .
What is more , parents always consider their child the best .
Parents often compare their children to others , and this also plays a role in this case .
As far as I know , how to better understanding between parent and child .
According to the present situation , it is a pity that their relative influence happiness family .
Therefore it is important that we should think about this problem .
The sum up the above argument , we should take some measures and have a positive attitude .
On the one hand , we could take a communication forum . It could share everyone 's thoughts .
On the other hand , we should stand in other point and think about their reasons .
Only by talking about your opinions with your parents can you prove all the problem .
Furthermore talking with parents can provide argued with them .
All in all , if you were to do this , your parents would not blame you .
Wellness depends on three important factors : sport , nutrition and sleep .
The factor that we are talking about is sport .
Sport is very important for the health .
Sport increases our physical performance .
There are a lot of different types of sports but one of them is the most popular in the world : football .
Football is a simple sport where the players must kick the ball into the opponents ' goal . In this sport , you principally improve the leg muscles , but all your body moves .
However , football is very competitive .
All the states in the world have their own league .
The best three teams in the national league can take part in the champions league ( in Europe ) or Asian league ( in Asia ) and so on .
These days a lot of children wish to be professional players and they practise this sport all the time and everywhere to improve their technique .
However , a lot of them ca n't reach this goal for a lot of reasons : no money , height ( all teams require a tall player ) and so on .
Football is great fun and you can play it anywhere with anyone .
Football is a sport that group and fun a lot of nations .
For us ( Mainque and Lucia ) , computers can not replace humans , because they do n't have a brain and ca n't feel anything .
Computers do things that humans ca n't , or that are very difficult or take too much time .
Computers have to obey the orders of humans .
Computers depend on humans for their existence .
And it is going to be this way for all eternity .
Humans are the best ! ! ! !
The graph is taken from the website " Statistiken aus Deutschland " .
It depicts the growth of the population in " Germany " .
The diagram shows the development from 1998 to 2014 .
The graph comprises only German people and no migrants .
You can see it rose sharply in 2003 .
2005 was a low , but it grew again .
In 1998 , you are able to see that it decreased slightly .
" The Exorcist " , the film .
" The Exorcist " is one of the most exciting and astonishing thrillers that I have seen in my life .
The actors ' performances are sublime , and they make you feel afraid throughout the film .
The special effects are amazing .
Even though is destacable the fidelity with the text of the novel .
One thing that I find interesting , is that this film is atemporal . I mean that you can watch it in any decade of your life , and it always seems like a contemporary film .
This confirms " The Exorcist " as a great film .
Nowadays , with the development of society , a large number of forests and wetlands are replaced by tower blocks and transport networks .
This will cause three problems for us humans and animals .
First and foremost , it can cause contamination of the environment , which can affect our health .
Through this comparison the author wants to show that the pagan spring festival may look like a celebration of Christian beliefs , but it is not .
At Easter time , the important thing is to consecrate Christian tradition . In contrast , the pagan spring festival does n't focus on consecration but rather on celebration .
My town takes care of the environment , because the people of my town try to plant as many trees and plants as they can .
The people of my town try to plant plants in the centre or anywhere that is too polluted , so they try to keep the air at recommended levels . In the morning , a lot of people go on foot to work or to school , or ride a bike , or they take the bus .
People try to move local factories out of the country , where there is less air pollution , less smoke , fewer cars and more forests and plants .
Travelling by car is convenient , but for most people , public transport is very important and much needed .
Not all people can afford to make journeys by car . A car is easy and cozy also , but public transport is fair and is very affordable for all classes of people .
Public transport mainly means public bus . People used to travel long distances by public bus . It is possible to carry large numbers of people to different places by bus .
The coat of arms of the city of Rybinsk is a scarlet heraldic shield , over which - green with golden beach pier , for which the output is a black rampant bear holding in its left arm , on the left shoulder a golden ax , under two silver starlets .
I like to drive my moped , because I love speed , and it 's fun to go out and drive with your friends to a beach or maybe a BBQ party .
I drive a Zündapp KS50 . It is an old moped from 1975 .
Hello
My name is Mustafa . I am 23 years old and I am a Student in collage . I have been looking for a job but I have n't found a job
I hope that my country becomes a great country and better , and I hope to get married to someone who I love .
Thank you
Why do cultural differences sometimes cause the division of a country ?
Recently , Scotland really has ' Hit the world ' because some of the Scotch have tried their best for the Scotland referendum .
Although I knew that there was some conflict between England and Scotland , the vote really shocked me .
However , just as I thought , more than 50 percent of Scots voted ' no ! ' , so Scotland did n't separate from the United Kingdom .
Public transport is here to stay .
- It goes without saying that cars are much more convenient than late trains , but I can not agree with the overall statement , although I do abhor using public transport .
I have been travelling with both for years , and I reckon everyone ends up needing public transport one day or another .
I would be a tad oblivious thinking vehicle ownership is granted beforehand when younger .
As a grown - up now , I know full well how much more affordable public transport is , albeit less than before .
Dear Juan , we moved to London for the holidays in December , to a huge and beautiful house with a big garden , a garage and a tennis court .
Richard 's family lives opposite .
Richard 's parents are good neighbours .
They are doctors at a serious hospital .
He likes going out with friends and going to parties . Richard has got a tortoise called " Peny " .
In this area there are a lot of clothes shops and supermarkets , but there are n't any sports shops .
The school is near and it is n't necessary to take a bus .
I 'm so happy with these holidays . I hope I meet good people and visit beautiful places .
Love , see you soon .
The rapid advance of information technology and the development of Internet networks enable the evolution of banking activities at a comprehensive level .
The connectivity derived from the Internet provides an invaluable business tool for online banking .
It influences customer behavior relating to banking services .
The customers from traditional branch banking moving towards using electronic delivery channels like personal computers ( PC ) and mobile phones is the most fundamental change .
Lu , J. , Yu , C.S. , Liu , C.and Yao , J.E. ( 2003 )
Compared with the past when we uses horses for transportation .
Did people have the same opinion that there was no future for transport , and we can only use horses ?
The reason why we have such improvement is that the technology and innovation have changed our life .
Cars replaced the horse , and even planes have replaced the cars for long distance transportation .
So I think there will be a future for public transportation , and this may be because of updated technologies .
My favourite sport is soccer , because it is the most popular sport in the world .
After school , my friends and I go to a park to play soccer . We play for two hours .
When they were in the hospital because Fernanda foodbone , they gave her some chicken soup with a ladle , so she could drink easily . She started feeling much better so they persuaded her mom and Daniela to leave Fernanda at their house so she could get some rest and so she could eat more chicken soup , because they wanted Fernanda to feel better .
Daniela 's mom and her returned to the park , to continued picking up the trash from the grass .
Later they went to see a grotesque stroke , after Fernanda , crying , called Daniela 's mom because she also felt bad with the chicken soup , and she wanted to know how soon they 'd returned to their house .
So Daniela 's mom and Daniela arrived home at 11:00pm . It was dark and they would n't be able to see Fernanda . An that time the lights were turned off , and they tried to put them on but the lights did n't turn on .
They went to sleep , and the next morning the light came on , and they saw Fernanda standing in front of them very tired of waiting for them , so she got angry with them and went to her room and she did n't come out of her room .
Her mom tried to tell Fernanda that they arrived very late because they had a very perplexing problem . So her mom told her that they came out of the park at 9:00pm . It was still late but not too late , so they were on the street and the police arrived because the police thought that she had a globe of wine , and her mother told the police that she did n't have alcohol or wine in her car , and the police did n't believe her and they took them to the police station so they could check her car , and after about 10 minutes , they told her that she did n't have anything . So they went from there to their house and it was late , so that 's the reason .
She had evaded the police before that , but she did n't have anything in the car .
When Fernanda came out of her room , she started looking in her mom 's wallet to see if she had anything about the police or something and she did n't have anything so she forgave her .
But Fernanda summoned up the courage to ask her if she was telling her any lies , and her mom told her that she promised that was n't a lie .
Hello Maria ,
thanks a lot for your response .
Here is some information about us .
We are a married couple , both 32 years old , living at the moment in Flims in Kanton Graubünden .
I am originally from Ukraine and lived from 2009 till last year in Germany , and Juan is from Colombia , and has been in Switzerland for 3 years .
We 're moving to Zürich because of my husband 's job in the newly - opened hotel Kirchgasse , right on the corner from the apartment .
And I will start studying at the Belvoirpark hotel school , so we 'll want to rent the apartment for at least 3 years or even longer .
We 're looking for a nice new home , and so , we are very interested in keeping your place tidy and taking care of it as if it were our own .
If you 'd like , we could get references from our previous landlords .
I hope this information is enough for a start and we can have the possibility to meet you and introduce ourselves in person .
This week we are flexible and could come over from Thursday to Saturday , and only in the evening the days before .
Looking forward to hearing from you and wishing you a nice day .
Kind regards
Kate and Juan
If I told you to choose between travelling in a car or by bus , which one would you pick ?
A lot of people nowadays would take their own car , it 's easier and flexible .
But why public transport have no future to stand and keep going ? that 's because of people changing their minds . They started to like having their own way of travelling . Privacy is also an important reason . People need to have a private means of transportation .
That 's why there is no future for public transport .
I promised to learn math for the whole week .
But every time , I get trouble .
I know I have to learn , but to start learning is n't easy .
I do n't want to study , but there is no way out .
I have to .
My favourite sport is football . The main reason why I like it is because , when I was younger , I played with my friends and we got together to play every day .
I remember those years and I would like my children to practise it when they are older . It is an interesting sport .
My favourite team in Spain is Real Madrid ; the best team .
If I were a football player , I would like to play in this team , but I think that it is very difficult , because only the best players get to do it .
Nowadays , I like to do other sports : tennis , basketball , ... but I prefer playing football with my mates on weekends , and then we drink some beers in the pub to celebrate the victory or the defeat .
These moments are very special and I hope to be able to enjoy them for many years .
Finally , I recommend this sport for children in order to have a healthy life , get together with their friends , and forget for alcohol and drugs for a while .
I love sports and I believe playing them is the best thing for having a good life .
I am here to write a composition about public transportation in Somalia , especially the capital city , Mogadishu , where there is little public transport compared to our neighboring countries . There is a scarcity of public transport and there is one type and model , which is the van , and very distracted roads , which may cause collateral damage .
Sometimes , passengers and drivers face risks and road blocks , which usually happen when the Somali government leaders are travelling across the city and even abroad .
So , having a good infrastructure helps a lot and constant peace and the people of Somalia will not suffer any more .
Thanks .
Hello friends , welcome to Puerto . Here we have a lot of shops .
What would you like to buy ?
We have a very nice shopping centre .
If you want , you can buy a lot of things there .
1 . Is it possible to go without a compression machine ?
Will we be able to compress ducts manually ?
2 . I 've noticed that the machine 's cost is higher than it was previously .
Please , send us the actual strip material price .
3 .
If we want to produce spiro ducts and other articles in the future .
Do we have to buy a special new machine ?
As for public transport , you can save fuel as well as reduce pollution , but it takes more time to reach the destination ,
while if you have your own conveyance , you can save time and , moreover , it is safe .
The most important thing is , there would be heavy traffic on the roads and the traffic would move very slowly .
But keeping in view of the environment , we should choose to use public transport .
USA SUMMER CAMPS VACANT
Dear all
I am writing to you because I am interested in the job at the summer camps .
My name is Andreas Costa Souza . I am a student of Digital Media at Technologic of Monterrey .
I like going to camp because I love nature and I love meeting new people from around the world .
I consider myself a friendly and cheerful person because I always have a smile on my face .
I always have a lot of energy .
I have experience working with children . My experience is from two years in summer camps around the world .
I worked on sport events as an organizer .
Currently , I am working in the racing Tec of 5k and 10k in Cuernavaca , Morelos .
I do not have experience working in a kitchen .
However , I know how to cook every kind of food .
I look forward to a response and please feel free to contact me .
Yours Sincerely ,
Andreas Costa
m98fhdf.fmn34@hotmail.com
123 456 7890 .
I live in Bhubaneswar with my family .
About fifty thousand people live in the city .
It is a clean and environmentally friendly city .
The city has its own public transportation system and waste management system .
People who live here take care of the city 's environment , so the city is a clean and green place .
The city contains about thirty public parks .
The parks are full of greenery ; these parks are also used as playgrounds for children .
Trees in the parks are not sufficient according to the requirements of our city .
Ten year ago , the local governing body of the city decided to plant more trees and it asked advice from the citizens of the city about the proposal .
Everybody got interested in the project .
We planted trees near the side of highways , unused land , and outside of the city .
Now these trees are grown up .
It give shade , shelter to animals , and purifies the air .
The trees also stop soil erosion in the rainy season .
Our city has a well equipped waste management system .
Each house in the city has two types of dustbin to keep recyclable and non - recyclable items separate .
In the morning , a waste collection truck comes and it takes this waste away .
These waste materials are processed in an environmentally friendly way .
The last film I saw was not new , in fact it was " The Others " .
" The Others " is a film that is about a family that lives in a house and in this house many strange things happen .
The principal character is Grace , who is the mother of her two children , Nicholas and Anne .
The husband of Grace is called Charles .
In the film , there were servants . They were Bertha Mills , Mr Tuttle and Lydia .
This film is about a family that lives in a very big house .
Charles has to go to the war and Grace and her sons stay in that house , but they are not alone . They are with Bertha Mills , Mr Tuttle and Lydia .
The problem is that the mother started to hear many weird noises and her sons were not making them , so who was responsible ?
Her sons have a problem which means that they ca n't look at natural light , and one day , Grace got up because her children were shouting and crying . So she went to their bedroom and the curtains were not there . So she went to the other room and the curtains also were not there . So she starts getting more and more nervous . She goes and talks to the servants , and she gets very angry and she tells them to get out of her house and they do not care so she picks up a gun and the old lady returns her keys .
Then many things happen , and then they discover that the servants were not the ghosts .
Of course I recommend this movie , because it is very interesting and in some parts it is funny too , and Nicole is the principal character , so I love it !
I do not agree with what journalists do , because , to me , if I were a movie star , a famous man who had done many performances , I would not like to be pursued by journalists every hour of the day .
In addition , everyone wants to have a moment of privacy and because of journalists , paparazzi , they can not have a moment to relax , tutoring for children or dependent on what else you want to do , and you can not because of journalists .
And another reason why I am so right in what I said in the lines above is that you feel as if you are in a game then people are always these people and destroy families because they declare false intrigue sometimes .
Sometimes they abuse the right to be a journalist with all sorts of questions , with no response , or have a partial response to these famous people can say that journalists have a stressful job for some people .
And finally , I would like to say yes , I am against these people , or they might still change their style and everything would be OK !
My fiance is 28 years old .
He is young and handsome .
He has short , light - brown hair and dark eyes . He has a light beard .
MOTASSEM is a tall guy , about 175 cm , and his weight is 71 kg and he has a white skin . He loves going to the beach and he loves swimming . He wears casual clothes , such as shirts and jeans , which are mostly blue , gray and black . If you see him , you notice how elegant he is .
MOTASSEM is nice and a lovely fiance . He loves his job as he is patient when doing his job . he is a hard worker and he has an amazing laugh .
When you start talking with him , you will be inspired by his knowledge and his way of talking . He has the talent to convince
.
He is an orderly and clean man .
He is the type of person you ca n't forget easily .
My family are my best friends .
I have a father , a mother and three sisters .
My parents are on patins . My eldest sister is 37 years old . She is married and she has 2 children , Zyad and Yassin . Her name is Eman .
My second oldest sister is 34 years old . She is single and she works as a customer service agent . Her name is Shymaa .
My youngest sister is 29 years old . She is married and she has 2 children , Jana and Salah . Her name is Asmaa .
Asmaa is the best friend to me in my family .
I always feel happy that God has granted me a good number of family members who always care about me .
Even though I always thought that doing any task with family was pointless , after my marriage I understood the importance of a family who always want to make me happy .
I have a little toddler with whom I love to share my feelings . He always gives me a nice hug after I return from the office .
I feel proud to hug him with full of my emotions and I forget all the stress built up in office hours .
In the past , I did not care so much in respect of having good amount of stock , I always enquired about availability and loved to get anything new for my sweet home .
I do not know why this kind of feeling arose , but whatever it is , I enjoy my days with family members .
Hello Pierre ,
I would like to thank you for helping me .
You sent me a lot of information , but the most important was about the culture .
My teacher said that I have done a fantastic project .
I 'm very happy .
Kisses ,
Maria
Nowadays , the number of endangered species has increased .
Aactivist of animals rights claim that the reason is keeping animals in zoos .
But a lot of people say that a zoo can protect endangered species from illegal poachers .
So what should we do about that problem ?
To sum up , there are a lot of clearly strong arguments against keeping animals in zoos .
In my opinion , people should build some kinds of wildlife parks . This solution will allow
people to watch animals in their natural environment , and most importantly , will allow
animals to safely reproduce .
It 's a really expensive solution , but we must do that for
our future generations .
Nowdays , the number of endangered species has increased .
Aactivist of animals rights claimed that the reason is the keeping animals in zoo .
But lot of peoples saying that , the zoo can protected endagered spices against illegal poachers .
So what should we do with that problem ?
To sum up , there are lot of cleary strong arguments for against keeping animals in zoo .
In my opinion people should bulid some kind of wildlife parks . This solution will allow
people to watch animals in their natural environment , and most importantly , will allow
animals to safely reproduce .
It 's really expensive sollution , but we must do that for
our next generations .
My town is called Assuit . The People here have no knowledge of how to deal with their rubbish . people throw their rubbish everywhere . On the other hand , we haven't any kind of law that can limit that action . I mean rubbish throwing .
So , if we still do n't do anything new , our country will still be unattractive .
Humans prefer a luxurious life .
Public transport is a bit uncomfortable .
With the coming of cars , people use public transport more rarely .
Everyone prefers to have his / her own car , so the future of public transport is very dark .
This is an alarming issue that needs to be addressed as soon as possible .
Because if everyone uses his / her car , pollution will increase and that will eventually affect every living being .
The " Casa Alvaro restaurant " is a restaurant situated in Valença , a small city in the north of Portugal .
There we can eat many types of dishes , but the most popular dishes are " costela " and " bacalhau na brasa " .
The restaurant won a Michelin star in 2013 .
The restaurant is very well situated with a big car park and beautiful landscaping .
As you enter the place , you are welcomed by a magnificent setting , a lot of photographs of the restaurant 's story and you have a wonderful view of the kitchen where you can see the chefs working , so you can see the quality of the food .
The chefs take great care in selecting the best quality ingredients and the service is great .
Clients do n't have to wait a long time until the dish is ready . While clients are waiting , they always give them bread and wine .
The price of the food is expensive , but nothing pays a good meal .
At the end of the meal , you have to sign a book to recall in the future .
Dear USA SUMMER CAMPS ,
I am interested in working on your summer camp program .
My name is Abel Ferreira and I am 14 years old .
I speak English and I really like to work with kids and this is my dream job .
I am a suitable person for the job because I like to take care of kids and I have the ability to be empathic with other people .
I have good abilities , such as , organizing activities and helping the kids to keep their rooms tidy .
I will wait for your answer ,
Abel Ferreira
The charts below give information about the most important reasons for studying among students of different age groups and the amount of support they received from employers .
The first chart is the reasons for studying according to age of student .
For career has 80% ; under 26 years old students selected it . For the over 49 years olds , only 20% of people selected it ; but if you compare this with interest , it is totally different ; under 26 years old have only 10% ; but over 49 years olds have 70% .
However , for 40 - 49 years old it is both 40% for career and interest .
The other chart is about employer support . Under 26 years old is the highest because it is almost 70% , the second highest is aged 26 - 29 years old ; it has 50% ; the lowerst is 35% and the age of the group is 30 - 39 years old .
The best places for young people to visit in Sweden is Stockholm city and a few more places that can be exiting .
In Stockholm you can do whatever you want . There are places for everyone to enjoy .
You can visit the old city and see old buildings and the castle , you can see the beautiful view from bridges over the water .
Young people might like to take a walk in king garden , where there are sakura trees .
If you like night life , you can go to some bars and night clubs that are open till morning .
But there are two places that I meant at the beginning . They are a big zoo called Kolmorden and the biggest aquapark in Scandinavia , which is called Rusha .
Dear head teacher ,
As a student at a local school , I would like to say that to cancelling the field trips
is n't good for students .
First of all , by getting students out of the classroom , students take a break from the school routine .
Furthermore , going on field trips gives students a chance to try things for themselves .
In addition , field trips are an important part of our school activities .
This is why I believe that field trips are good for kids .
from
Spyro in Kalithea .
Hi Adam ,
Nice to write to You !
Unfortunately , I saw you last many days ago .
Do you know I came back from Budapest ?
You know I was there on a trip .
As you can imagine , I visited a lot of monuments and cathedrals which I could see and find out something new about them .
As I discovered , the river Danube is the loveliest of rivers .
It 's even the longest river I ever saw .
And you ?
How was your trip ?
Was it as good as mine ?
Write to me about what you were doing there .
Best wishes , Julia
My name is Maria .
I am from Spain .
I live in Tarazona , a small town near to Zaragoza .
I have been an architect since 2003 .
When I was studying , I lived in San Sebastian .
San Sebastian is a town near the sea .
When I was eighteen years old , I left home .
I lived in a hall of residence for two years .
After that , I lived in a flat .
My flatmate is my best friend today .
She is Azucena , and nowadays , she lives in Toulouse .
My husband and me often go to Toulouse to visit Azucena .
If Azucena did not live there , we would not know Toulouse .
I like Toulouse very much .
It is an old city with red buildings .
Toulouse buildings are built with bricks . Red bricks .
The most important street in Toulouse is Boulevard Chausse , and it is near to the river .
The river in Toulouse is the Garona .
Hello Alison ,
How are you doing ?
Susan told me that you need to know a couple of things before your visit to Spain .
We have customs , such as siesta , Semana Santa and San Fermínes in Pamplona .
Spanish people love spending time with their family and friends .
We are sociable and welcoming people .
We usually eat home - made food .
It 's what we call the Mediterranean diet .
It includes vegetables , meat , fish and olive oil .
In our daily life we wake up early in the morning .
We take a shower , we have breakfast and we go to work .
Please drop me a line as soon as you can .
Best wishes .
Isabel
Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately .
At that moment , he knew his decision was going to affect his whole life .
He thought about how he could solve his problem and finally he decided to break out .
When he was escaping from the prison , he bumped into an old friend callled Charlie .
Charlie was the only man that could help him escape .
Why do I enjoy my favourite sport ?
So , I think my favorite sport is going walking in the countryside .
I love it when the temperature is a little bit cold , but not too much .
I can relax when I walk alone and hear the sounds of the birds in the trees .
I live in a little village near a forest , so I can go walking through it every day .
There are so many animals and when you are quiet , you can see a deer or a fox .
And sometimes I take my camera with me , because I love photography and there are so many great motifs .
Restaurant .
There 's nothing like eating !
We all agree on that . Eating food is one of the best moments in our day , it 's like the world stops for a few minutes in which you are just enjoying your food .
But there 's a difference between eating a good meal , and eating by the way .
In this opportunity I 'm going to talk about different cool restaurants we could choose for going out at the end of classes .
Michael decided to open the door and go back to her . He thought better the things he did not want to leave her again . He liked her . He knows himself and he wants to know her . He has kept all his feelings hidden for a long time .
What was the reason ?
The reason is , three days ago , he had been working when a girl at his work asked him whether he had a girlfriend and he said " I had one , come on , you know my ex - girlfriend " , then she just walked away without saying anything .
It was strange to Michael .
He remembered two years ago when he had been working and he decided to return home early . While he was on his way home , he saw his girlfriend with another guy . They were hugging .
He arrived home and he just thought and thought all night . It was the second time that she had been unfaithful . Since then , he has been alone .
This morning , he had not gone to work and he was sitting in a pub drinking beer , when a girl came to him . He knew her , she was Abigail .
This girl was an acquaintance of his .
They were talking about their lives and he remembered how he met her on the bus . Maybe she had always been the woman of his life . He looked at her eyes and smile he wanted to ask her whether if it was not too late to start to get to know her . But he decided to leave the pub . He walked to the exit .
Finally , Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
I had a terrible experience in this Chinese New Year , because Norovirus infected me ! At first , I had a high fever , but I thought if I took some medicine I would be fine .
Therefore , my condition took a sharp turn for the worse .
I could n't eat anything , even on New Year 's Eve and I was so tired that I could n't play poker with my cousins .
Though everything was depressing , I still had a wonderful winter vacation with my family . We went to Formosan Aboriginal Culture Village(九族 ) to visit its blooming cherry blossom . ( I do n't know its variety ~ is it from Japan??XD ) The cherry blossom was very beautiful but there were so many people .
When we went to Sun Moon Lake by cable car , the wind was so strong ! I felt a little nervous though the scenery was amazing .
All in all , I still had a memorable vacation .
Hi Luke ,
I tried that new programme on the internet for English learners called Write and Improve from Cambridge English .
I liked the way the page tells you your progress and marks your mistakes so you can fix them .
I hope to see you soon .
Jorge .
We are approving an incentive amount of Rs .
1000 per month for K Murli and Rs .
1500 per month for K Sivakumar for working as an Acting Territory In - charge .
We will review their performance in 6 months and , accordingly , will decide on any upward / downward revision in their salary .
The company also reserves its right to discontinue the incentive amount if their performance is not found to be as per the job description .
My living room is the best room in my house because it is big , comfortable and beautiful .
There are some images of my family on the wall .
There is a coffee table made of wood with a clear glass top .
Also , on the sofas there are many colorful cushions .
There is a bookcase next to the rocking chair and when I have free time I sit on it and read a book .
There are three sofas around the coffee table and it is so comfortable .
When I want to study for exams , I go to the living room and sit in front of the TV .
In addition , there is a small blackboard for my little brother because my mother wants my brother to learn Arabic and English letters .
There is a small gray carpet under the coffee table and it protects things from breakage .
For this reason , I spend most of my time there .
On the other hand , the economic situation plays an important role .
It is very common that the bad economy of some countries forces their people to emigrate to another country .
When this phenomenon occurs , most of the migrants need to learn the new language to adapt to the new environment .
As a consequence , they forget their first language .
Another important point is the necessity of approval by some indigenous groups or people that emigrate from the countryside to the city in order to get a better lifestyle .
It is not a surprise that this situation is something that is becoming more frequent every day .
We are facing a crucial moment due to the extinction of most of the indigenous languages .
Public transport will be worse in the future than travelling by car because it is uncomfortable and slow .
In Spain many people will travel in their own car or by car with their colleagues or friends . This mode of transport is quick , but it is much more expensive .
If you travel with other people it is as expensive as public transport .
In my opinion , by sharing a car we will arrive at work on time and when we finish work we can go directly home .
I think public transport is n't the future because many people today live outside the big cities in the suburbs .
The apartments in the cities are much more expensive and people prefer to travel in their car .
I think there is no future for public transport , because travelling by car is so much more convenient .
But it 's better to travel by car pooling .
People who need to go in the same direction meet each other and use only one car .
This is convenient in terms of the cost of travelling , because every cost is divided between the participants and it is an opportunity to meet other people .
Hi Jo ,
My country is a very interesting place . We have a lot of ancient and mystical places .
You can travel to Samarkand , Bukhara , Khiva and other historical cities .
Our national foods are really delicious .
I think you could n't work in my country , because it 's illegal for foreigners .
Dear Nick
Thanks for your letter .
I was very glad to read about your news .
You told me about your usual weekends and asked me to tell you about my weekends .
At the weekend I usually go to the city centre with my friends too .
We meet near a fast food restaurant and after that we decide where to go .
In the city centre we can go to other shopping centers such as : " Passage " , Europe " , " Scorpion " . Last weekend we visited Passage .
At this shopping center I bought a new blue skirt .
After that , we went to our favorite art - cafe .
We like it because the cafe has a beautiful design and tasty food . After that , we went for a walk on embankment .
It is all our plan .
Hope . Hope to hear from you soon !
All the best ,
Liza
First of all , thank you professor for teaching me in the meantime . The entire course really benefited me , especially at the first meeting , about British English . I still did not really understand , it makes me frustrated , but gradually , later I found the beauty of the language in British English . I think it 's all because of the usual problem of American English , and so I really appreciate that you choose simple textbooks and it 's easy to learn , and you are really very careful and very humorous . You 're always careful in pronunciation correction for each student , and using a variety of reading skills lets us immerse ourselves in reading .
I love to listen to British English , but it 's really hard to study , because we all learn American English in Taiwan , so when I have the opportunity to in be contact with British English , it 's full - of - tone cadence always feels particularly charming , and British culture exudes noble temperament , so the British accent sounds like there is always an indescribable elegance .
And the strengths and weaknesses of both segmental and suprasegmental , I think it 's maybe the learning habit . When I hear sentences , I use many varieties of tone and manner to say the sentences again . Therefore , I can easily interpret illustrations instructions the emotions and feelings .
Only possible in segmental pronunciation , the occasional missed a few notes , such as -d , I did not notice this because when I deliberately stressed -d , I found the tone and mood more likely to become very weird . This is the biggest problem I 've encountered in pronunciation teaching .
I 'm not teaching English in my new school , but in the future , if there is the chance , I will definitely give it a try . especially in the curriculum learned some teaching tips , the biggest gain this course is to read picture books to read and record , because that and English proficiency is not just training , but will note that strengthen their pronunciation and intonation , and then each time peer feedback also completed the listening exercises .
If I have an opportunity to go back to teaching English , I think I will try this skill to get my students to do the recordings heard training , then make their English better and better .
My village is in the north of the region of the Extremadura .
The population of my village is about sixteen hundred people .
It is situated inland .
The first stop for most visitors is the church because the local people clean and take care of it .
The town hall put containers for trash in the streets and the workers from the town hall clean the streets .
Besides this , everybody cleans their doors to keep them tidy .
What 's more , all the people , once a year , plant trees all over the village so that it is more beautiful .
To begin with , nowadays more and more people prefer travelling by car rather than by bus or train .
Certainly , it is more comfortable to travel in your own transport with your family or your friends . You can stop and have a rest wherever you want .
You can change your plans and choose another route .
To differentiate between old computers and computers today , we would first have to describe each type of machine .
I start by describing the old computers which we saw in the video , which were a few simple machines ( at the time they were created ) and they filled an enormous room .
On top of that , these machines only worked when you wrote an order to the computer .
These were experimental models .
Visually , the colors on the screen were black and green .
Currently , in the 21st century , computers have had a very long technology advance which range from the software and the size of the internal memory ( bigger than old computers ) , the size of the computer ( which is varied , but smaller than the computers of the past ) and their shape , the weight of them ( they are more lightweight ) and variations in the colors of the screen ( visually ) .
Finally , I can say that with the passage of time we change the way we see the world , evolution comes into play , not only of technology , but also of society , religion , etc . ,
essential in the life of people , but sow will be factors that humans will not be able to modify and it is better to let them continue as they are .
Sometimes famous people want to be alone without any journalists .
In my opinion , being alone means that you have something to think about , for example , to think about our deeds .
Journalists follow you and they do n't allow you to live like normal people .
To tell you the truth , I like being alone very often .
To be on my own and watch other people live .
I always wear a mask , I can be myself only with my close relatives and friends .
In the end , I want to tell you that we are not robots . Everyone deserves what they want .
My opinion is the opposite of the one expressed in this composition title .
I do n't have a car .
Every day I take public transport .
I live in a city , and for many people like me , the most convenient transport is public transport .
With a car in the city , we have some problems .
There is heavy traffic and difficulty finding a parking space .
Every day , the population spends a lot of time in traffic congestion .
It 's a very good way to travel in the city .
One problem with cars is the high price of fuel .
I like public transport and I love my planet . I think the best method for reducing pollution
is to use public transport .
But that 's only my personal opinion .
Your address :
Date : 17 January 2015
Dear xxx .
Today I will talk about my summer camp job . People of all ages need to work in summer camps . My name is Patrick . I am 13 years old .
I would love to work in the summer camp to do exercise . Every shop in the USA should do the summer camp job . I am the right person to work there because I 'm very fit and I would love to work in the kitchen , because I am the right chef for the summer camp job .
I would be really very proud to work with you . You will see my wonderful lunch and dessert . Please give me this job .
A representative to carry out an investigation so that the town takes care of the environment .
One thousand people of eighteen years and over were questioned in my town about their ways of taking
care of the environment .
The investigation reveals that youngsters are more than ever power to
save the world from waste and pollution .
In this case , a representative put all times the published in the train , the bus and the school
announced the way they take care of the town .
In addition , the investigation can bring within company in
town showing the will power changing of the habit .
There is a service representative whose occupied the rubbish shared planning of day .
According to the enquiry , a representative works with a recycling company .
There are services which can clean and pick up the rubbish every day .
I 'm going to write about my apartment .
It 's in AL - Sulaymanyiah district .
It 's in Mohammed Fayed Street .
It 's on the second floor .
It has three bedrooms , and it has two living rooms .
Also , it has a spacious kitchen .
In addition , it has a nice and three bathrooms .
My apartment is very beautiful .
It is modern and spacious .
It 's near the mosque .
Also , it is near Bandati Minimarket and AL - Shafa Hospital .
About 500 meters to AL - Salam Mall .
It has some disadvantages like , it hasn't a private parking lot .
Also , the street where it is has a lot of traffic .
In addition to that , it hasn't got a driver room .
Finally , my apartment is very beautiful , and it has a lot more advantages than its disadvantages .
It has a great location .
An Unforgettable Lesson
There are various kinds of different things that happen in people 's lives , some may be normal and nothing special , while others may be so meaningful and unforgettable that you will remember them for a long time .
Have you ever had this kind of experience ?
When I was in elementary school , I took part in a speaking contest , but I failed , and I was broken - hearted .
Becase I seldom practiced it .
But soon I made up my mind , thinking that I could n't be so decadent forever . I wanted some change , hoping I would be better the next year .
So I practiced it day and night .
No matter whether it was sunny or rainy , windy or warm . And I also asked my teacher for help .
Eventually , I was third in the contest .
Through this time , I learnt that winning and losing are not the most significant thing .
The most important thing is that you can learn a valuable lesson from failure .
Practice can make perfect .
And never give up .
Resolve/ determine / insistence
My country has witnessed a tremendous change in the last ten years .
10 years ago , I was a child , and I could seldom eat meat for dinner .
But now , I feel uncomfortable without food every day .
People 's health
Nowadays , young people 's health is n't as good as , for example , twenty years ago .
One reason for the change may be due to the lifestyle that people have .
Currently we usually do less exercise than before , because we use our cars to go everywhere .
Whereas our style of food has changed a lot .
We do n't eat at home and it 's very common to eat junk food every week .
On the other hand , children are used to eating only what they want , because in general , they do n't like legumes , vegetables , fruit , fish ...
They like eating junk food , hamburgers , French fries and sweets and , what 's more , they do n't do any exercise .
All these things could be very bad for their health in the future .
So it 's very important to give them a healthy upbringing .
To sum up , it is very important to be conscious of how food affects our health .
That 's the reason why we have to do more exercise , eat less fat and more vegetables , and teach our children to eat better and healthier than they are used to doing .
My opinion of self - employment
I never ever wanted to be self - employed .
My dad and my grandfather ran their own business for more than 20 years .
My mother always told me that my dad never had time for her and my siblings .
When I was born , my dad decided to quit his company to get more time for his family .
Nowadays , the number of car owners has been increasing in many countries , especially in developed countries , due to the convenience of travelling by car .
Thus , some people claim that the social trend tends to reduce the popularity of travelling by public transport .
As a result , this development is highly controversial in positive and negative ways .
Today , private vehicles have become the pride of people 's lives , which means if a person is in their private vehicle , they look as though they have a higher status in society .
So it has become a fashion to use private vehicles , which creates a lot of problems . A big one is the traffic problem .....
Now the traffic problem is the biggest problem . The only solution to this using the public transport system as much as possible .
But now using public transport is seen as something for people of low status , so there is no future for public transport .
To tackle this problem , we have to carefully think about it .
Thank you very much .
Our life keeps changing every day and we notice a huge range of changes in each decades .
The lifestyle , technological equipment and the design of cars and houses keep changing annually .
We can accept that our life will be quite different from now in fifty years .
Changing is a natural habit that makes life more enjoyable for us .
It brings happiness and beauty to us .
For example , we can know the type of a car model by the changes that are made to it , which makes you idiotif the small new details in every model .
Even the kind of house painting can be changed over time .
Now it is more colorful and designed in different ways than it was in the past .
We can not stop changing , but we can guide changes to provide special benefit which makes life easier and more comfortable .
Using the changing method would improve the education system in many ways , especially for people with obstruction .
It brings hope to their lives and makes them taste life in a way that they had never dreamed of .
In conclusion , the changing of our life can help us to explore different benefits of changing every decade .
It service the education and entertainment aspects of our lives .
My town is very , very big with a lot of people .
More than 12 million people live in our town .
I ca n't say my town is the best place in the world .
The ecological problems have been very bad for the last few years .
First of all - the air .
The enormous number of cars and the traffic jams cause pollution of the air and smog .
The urban authorities can not change the situation cardinally .
But there is active construction of new roads , road junctions and improving of roads .
We do n't separate our rubbish .
All rubbish is taken away without separation .
But people are interested in it and this year I saw announcements about days for receiving separate rubbish .
Our lawns are also a problem .
Several years ago we had wonderful lawns with a lot of local plants and grass .
But the last time the street - cleaners mow all the young grass .
Now our lawns are dirty and without grass .
But I hope our town will be better with our help .
I enjoy watching tennis on my couch . It is n't weird that I haven't played tennis , because where I live we do n't have that kind of sport , so I can only watch on my TV .
But I hope one day to go to a tournament , travel to Spain and watch my favourite player , who is Rafael Nadal from Spain .
The first time I watched him play eight years ago was the same year that I started watching tennis .
I like how the players move around the court and how the audience applauds them every time they win a point . Although I 'm not on the court , I can feel the feeling of the game . It 's really awesome .
Once in a while , I enjoy watching tennis when there is a competition or tournament , besides watching and enjoying it , I can also learn how real the game is , what its rules were or what happens when they yell at the umpire for no reason . You can learn all these details and wait for a future day to put them into practice , or helping the players is one of the things that I want to make real .
My advice would be that if you want to play tennis , you should just go ahead and play it , not wait till others do it , because you can do that too .
At the beginning , it could be a little hard , but that is the same with many other sports when you start , so just keep in mind that you could play tennis with the most talented players from all over the world .
Travelling by car is much more convenient .
In fact , I agree .
But , what about sharing a ride ?
Riding a horse is an old - fashioned way but still interesting .
Public transportation is excellent ; you save money , take care of the environment and make friends .
Nowadays , Easter is associated more with spring 's arrival than with religious rituals .
People are more likely to take care of the gardening or shopping than participate in the celebration of Good Friday , which makes the author connect Easter with a pagan spring festival .
Flamengo is the best team of Rio de Janeiro .
Flamengo was champion in 2009 . In 2009 Flamengo had a great team with good players , but now it is struggling to finish the competition in the first 4 teams of the championship .
My mouth is dry and has an awful metal taste , my head aches , it 's still spinning slightly and there is a terrible ringing in my ears .
All of these make me feel nauseous .
It must be the aftereffect of whatever those clowns in masks have done to me . I want to shut down all the noises around me , especially those whispered shouts coming from behind .
My best friend .
My best friend has always been like a sister to me .
Our mums went to high school together , although they never talked a lot .
The first time I met her , she insulted me , but I just did n't pay attention to what she had said to me .
It was in school , when we were only three years old !
Despite that , we started to talk more and more , until we were what we are nowadays .
She always helps me with whatever I need , and she 's amazing .
She 's always happy and laughing , and never gets angry when I get agitated !
She 's incredible ; she is like the sister I never had .
On the other hand , she has never been a talkative girl , so it 's usually me who is always talking a lot .
Even so , now she is starting to talk more often , and when we started high school we made lots of new friends !
In the future , I 'd like to continue being with her , and talking and having fun as we do together now .
I could n't imagine a life without her . She 's the best person I ever met .
My town is located along the middle coast of Vietnam .
It is a really beautiful place and has a lot of attractions scenery , such as the great beaches beside rows of trees , the obviously regularly weather ... Therefore , taking care of the environment there is a vitally important mission of my town 's state .
When receiving an alarm about the pollution of water or land ... by the town 's inhabitants , the authorities must reposibile for this cause .
They often notify all the town 's citizens about spending a free day on clearing all the rubbish on the beach and on the roads of the town .
Then , they will gather all the rubbish in one place and burn or bury it .
Finally , the government usually encourages on the radio , television etc .
It means that tourists and the people of the town have a crucial duty to protect the beach , the roads etc .
On weekends , I usually wear clothes according to the weather .
If it is very cold outside , I put a jacket on , but if it is very hot , I wear shorts , sandals , a lighweight vest and sunglasses .
Sometimes , when I have to dress well , I wear dressy stuff , such as skirts , dresses , high heels and a sort of classy hairstyle .
When I stay at home , I can wear pyjamas all day long ( for example , when I 'm sick ) . Also , there are days when I want to go to the beach with my family , and so I put my bikini and a summer dress on .
Right now , I am wearing jeans , black flats , a gray shirt and a purple and turquoise hoodie .
Hi Jan ,
I am so glad to receive your message .
In your message , you said that you needed to find a famous person in my country and needed some suggestions from me .
I hope that I can give you some help for your project .
I would like to recommend a famous person who 's name is Mr. Chou .
Mr. Chou is a famous doctor in my country .
He started the hospital system in my country .
Best regards , and look forward to your reply .
Bob
In modern life , we rely on transport to get to work or travel everywhere .
It is convenient to travel by private car everyone can afford it , so that everyone has a private car nowadays . Some people suggest private cars are going to replace public transport .
I ca n't agree with this point of view for the reasons below .
Firstly , the growing number of private cars causes a big problem with traffic jams . People spend extra time on normal travel because of traffic jam .
That wastes people 's time and makes people feel exhausted .
Not to mention , it 's definitely hard to enjoy travelling on holidays .
Secondly , private cars are the main reason for air pollution . We should consider the protection of the environment for the future of humanity , not only care about the convenience we can see for now .
On the other hand , public transport systems can reduce the number of private cars in the busy areas , for example , buses and trams .
People can travel through the city easily and safely .
For instance , Melbourn , the second city in Australia , where there are trams through the whole city area .
Therefore people do n't need to drive cars to travel in the city .
The last point is that people go for long journeys by public transport .
Public transport brings relaxing holidays and efficient business trips for people without being weary after a long drive .
For these reasons , it is unlikely there is no future for public transport .
On the contrary , we need more public transport to improve our traffic system and find a better way to protect the environment .
Alison read the note and it said " I 'll be back at 8 pm " .
It was 11 pm and her boyfriend was n't in their house . She started getting confused and temerously .
After waiting for 20 minutes , she decided to call the police ; they said " wait for the morning , maybe he went somewhere , we ca n't help you now " .
After that answer , she was n't satisfied , so she decided to start calling all the hospitals in the area .
it was 4 am and she had no answer .
Alison felt desperate . She noticed that her husband 's car keys were in her house , so he was walking or someone had picked him up . She picked up the phone and she called all his group of friends . Nobody knew anything and now they were scared .
She was terrified . She started thinking about the possibility of death .
She got into her car and looked for her husband all over their small city , Pentonville . After half an hour , she saw him sleeping in a square .
George had lost his memory , and he could n't come back .
Nowadays , they are living a happy life and every day Alison has to make him remember their life .
No future for public transport , it is one of problem if that fact .
Nowadays , there are many types of transport in the world : bus , taxi , train but train more conform then else . I always use the bus in the city .
If you to travel from city to city , public transport is cheaper than other modes of transport .
My favorite sport is football .
I think that this sport is very happy .
Also , you could learn to be more friendly .
In my opinion , if you want to start to do this sport you could write a team . Moreover , I think that it is good because it could help you to lose weight .
The statement " public transport is our future " has been an interesting political discussion for years .
On one hand , public transport is good because it does n't pollute so much and you can move around the whole city .
Young people use it a lot .
We do n't use so much petrol as if each passenger were to use their own private transport .
But in fact , you ca n't use it if you have to carry a lot of things or when you are in a hurry .
In conclusion , public transport is very good and if it disappears it will be a big problem . It is true that sometimes you need private transport , but apart from that , public transport is used a lot by people of all ages .
Transportation is very important in cities and villages as well as in sub - lines .
Many . Many people have no vehicles , they only depend on public transport for some reasons .
Any Anyway , in some cases , a car is very useful to reach the destination very fast .
Public transport provides all the information about routes they follow and give an idea to passengers about the place .
Some Sometimes it may be very expensive due the fares .
I 'm a committed , responsible , and organized person .
I like new challenges to improve myself .
I think that I have enough experience for the job .
My skills and accomplishments speak for me , because I 'm qualified for this job , I have the requirements that are requested to apply to work here .
If you choose me , I comitted with myself to comply with everything , working in a timely manner , because that is how I am .
The most important thing for me is to have more work experience and surpass my achievements that I gained long ago .
I await your response , Thank You .
First I would like to introduce myself . My name is Joaquín Gutiérrez and I want to tell you why my favourite sport is football , which is a sport that I have practiced since I was six years old .
I like this sport very much because it must be played with a group of people and is more fun than other sports which you play alone with one other opponent , like tennis .
I must confess that , the first time , I did n't like it very much , because I was a bit shy and It took a lot of effort to integrate with the other players in the team . But with the passage of time , I liked it more and more .
Currently , I play in the first division of the club River PLate from Argentina .
I would like to advise children who are taking their first steps in this sport , that it is with perseverance and effort that you can achieve great treasures .
In the past , I did some exercise .
I have swum in a swimming pool and I have also cycled on my bicycle .
I have run upstairs so many times .
They 're healthy activities .
I also went to the mountains with my family .
I ate a lot of fruit last year .
I loved the apples !
I always went to school on foot .
But in summer I went by car .
Last year I gave some of my sister 's dolls to a charity .
I visited some friends of my parents and I wrote some letters to a friend .
Now , this year , I 'll do more exercise . I'll go with my family to the beach and swim in the sea .
I 'll eat better . I'll walk more . I'll do good things and speak more with my friends .
Have you heard about Islam ?
What are your media sources or what ?
Can you ask yourself why we are here on earth . To entertain or for what ?
Be honest with yourself .
First , I would like to tell you that I do not agree with this statement . I could even say that this opinion is the opposite of the present and future situation .
As for me , even if travelling by car is so much more convenient , most people will always travel by train , railway , bus and other types of public transport .
In my opinion , people will travel by public transport more frequently , because this type of transport is less expensive , more reliable and even more environmentally friendly than travelling by car .
On the other hand , we can say that it is really uncomfortable to travel by public transport , but can improve even this in the future .
We can discover new ways of travelling , take more care of our public transport and modernise it , so people will be motivated to travel on it .
My trust in future technology is so enormous that I hope there will be new environmentally friendly and cheaper ways to travel around our world .
If this happens , people will be more social and empatic , not only about people 's emotions , but also about our environment , and they will treasure it .
To begin with , there are two ways of cutting down on pollution which leads to global warming , which has become a real threat to our lives day by day .
Firstly , start to use renewable energy .
To illustrate this , when we use renewable energy , we reduce emissions , so , our natural resources will be conserved for our future and our children 's future .
For example , by using wind energy or solar energy for electricity generation , we will use less fuel , which is implicated in emissions .
Secondly , we should improve our regulations that impose rules on people to reduce the use of things that cause a lot of pollution such as using big vehicles or building big facilities such as big factories .
As a result , ways to cut down on pollution . For instance , when one person uses a car for 6 people and many people do the same , that causes a lot of pollution . Because of that , we need to improve our regulations to make people use small cars to cut down on pollution for a better future .
All in all , using renewable energy and improving our regulations are two ways to cut down on pollution for a better future .
Another thing we can do for a better future is avoiding war .
Because war destroys mankind and countries .
Many wars start because people do n't know or respect other beliefs very well . Thus , we need to learn about other people 's beliefs if we are to live with them .
For example , the fight between Muslims and Hindus in India or in the Lebanese civil war .
Secondly , do more cooperation between countries .
For example , people should cooperate in intervening to bring peace to the world , to stop war in many areas like the United Nations is doing .
For example , the United Nations has taken the decision to ban mandatory weapons against South Africa because of racial persecution policy . In brief , knowing each other and more cooperation between countries are two ways to avoid war for a better future .
For that we need to improve our regulations to make people use small cars to cut down on pollution for a better future .
All in all , using renewable energy and improving our regulations are two ways to cut down on pollution for a better future .
My most terrifying day was January 23rd last year .
It was a normal Thursday .
I was at school : while I was listening to the English lesson I felt a severe headache .
After ten minutes , I asked the teacher to call my parents so I could go home .
At home , my dad and I had lunch , but my headache did n't stop .
At 2 p.m. my mum decided to go to the hospital because I could n't understand anything and I could n't talk .
At the hospital , the doctor put me on a drip and after some hours I felt better .
I wo n't ever forget that day !
Currently , a very significant problem for its social and economic impact is the chaotic public transport in Lima .
To solve this problem , Lima has been making long - term strategies .
Lima is one of the cities with the least road culture in the world .
We do not respect traffic rules and drive only with the intention of going as fast as possible to our destination . This often causes traffic accidents and congestion .
For this reason , people are becoming aware of the terrible problem and are learning and teaching vial culture to new generations .
In addition , public institutions are promoting this and also private companies create advertising to increase awareness .
Lima is among the top ten cities that have the messiest public transport in the world .
This is due to the fact that Lima , in the beginning , did not have a plan to design its public roads and highways , and it has only been improvising to build them without any criteria to transport its population .
Currently , this issue is so important that governments are investing and working to create solutions , such a metro .
I think we have really become aware of the chaos of public transport and we have begun to design and implement strategies that , in 20 years , will improve our reality .
I believe public transport will have a future , because this transport is really necessary for people .
In all cities of the world , people will need public transport to get around the city .
People think that public transport is only the buses , but public transport is the buses , the taxis , trains and subway .
Maybe travelling by car is so much more convenient , but there are a lot of cars and those cars produce a lot of fumes and the natural world is dying . If we do nothing , the natural world will disappear .
I would like people to take public transport for travelling , so we will be able to rescue the countryside .
I usually take public transport to go to the University , because public transport is cheaper than a car .
I used to use my car every day , but little by little , I started to take public transport so that I could save money .
With respect to the international dispute over the Diaoyutai Islands , the Republic of China should consistently express willingness to resolve the issue in a peaceful manner in line with the principles of the UN Charter and international law .
To this end , it proposed the East China Sea Peace Initiative in 2013 , which called upon all parties concerned to take the steps outlined below :
( 1 ) exercise restraint and refrain from taking any antagonistic .
( 2 ) shelve controversies and set up dialogue .
( 3 ) observe international law and resolve disputes through peaceful means .
( 4 ) seek consensus on a Code of Conduct in the East China Sea .
( 5 ) establish a mechanism in collaboratively exploring and developing resources in the East China Sea .
One day , a little Egyptian boy read a book about Umrah .
He read about rites of pilgrimage and Kabaa .
After he finished the book , he wanted to go to the Kabaa and do rites of pilgrimage .
He closed his eyes .
He imagined he could fly like a dragon .
Luckily , he remembered he had the dragon costume and he wore it .
As he jumped down the stairs , wings flapping across Cairo .
He flew to Saudi Arabia .
Eventually , he saw the Kabaa .
As he got closer , he saw a lot of people around the Kabaa .
They drank Zamzam water and wore Umrah clothes .
They were doing rites of pilgrimage .
One there , a man , raised his hands and called to God .
It was amazing .
He had never seen anything so fantastic . But all too soon , it was time to leave .
He jumped and flapped and waved goodbye .
It had been a fun day out , but unfortunately he had to be home in time for bed .
After he had arrived at home , he fell asleep and he started to think of his next adventure ..........
his new book was all about Paris .
My neighbourhood is a very pleasant area , it is quite big and it is so green .
The population is estimated at around ten thousand people .
My neighbourhood is surrounded by a large range of mountains which have scenic views .
We have got a large shopping centre with some local shops , you can get plenty of things that you want from it .
One of the most amazing things that will attract you , is that it has a safari , park which is the most enjoyable thing . At the same time , it introduces you to wildlife without your needing to go out of your city .
All the amenities that are necessary for your daily life , such as a fantastic school with perfect teachers and a modern building can be found here .
Transportation is not an issue , because it has got many bus lanes and bus stops .
It is not quiet and it is an active city in different ways .
If you like active cities with enormous activity , I think it is an excellent place .
My favourite sport is badminton and I always get up early to play it every day . I like it because it is the best way to lose weight and improve your health ; better than medicine .
I think people should get exercise by starting to play some favourite sport instead of watching TV or playing games .
The purpose of this proposal is to provide details about shopping facilities in my hometown , Vung Tau , and give some recommendations for tourists .
+ Local shops :
They have a long tradition dating back to the 18th century when Vungtau was a small commercial port .
Not only are they well - known for their long tradition , but they are also famous for the hospitality of the inhabitants living here , which attracts domestic and foreign tourists who come here to see the famous sights as well as shop for souvenirs .
They are located close to the local art gallery which takes about 15 minutes to go to on foot .
They offer a wide range of choices , from souvenir items such as pictures and jewellery to local specialities , at a reasonable price to suit the interests of different people .
You can buy them as a small present for your family members or friends .
I assure you that there should be high - quality and varied products there satisfying your needs .
+ Shopping mall
It is conveniently situated in the town centre , which takes 5 minutes to walk to as the crow flies .
A lot of products , such as consumer electronics , foods , and souvenirs are sold here .
Compared with local shops , products ' prices in the shopping mall are considerably higher than those in local shops , but it offers a wider variety of products .
I highly recommend local shops to our tourists for their cheap prices and the hospitable manners of residents here .
Dear Mrs. Weber and Mrs. Schnappauf ,
good morning firstonce .
Now I 'll introduce myself .
My name is Yusuf Hamid . I am 17 years old and I attend the state secondary school in Scheßlitz ,
To be more precise , I am in the graduating class .
I come from Hallstadt , in the close vicinity of Bamberg .
I have 1 older sister and 1 younger brother .
My hobbies are meeting Friends and hanging out with them or playing basketball in my spare time .
I 'm easily excited and nervous because this oral examination will determine whether I can do my A -level at the college of further education in Bamberg , which is what I really want .
My favourite sport is soccer .
It 's played by eleven players who try to score a goal within ninety minutes .
There is a grass surface , but it 's also played on artificial grass .
I really enjoy playing it because it 's very exciting because anything could happen .
I usually play it with my partners and my friends , which makes the game even more fun .
I highly recommend anyone to play soccer , because i 'm sure that they will enjoy it very much .
It 's also a complete sport because people will improve their health and fitness .
The first thing I want to say is that people use the car like a luxury object , not as a mode of transport .
People spend their first salary on buying a car .
So , normally , the use of a car is for pleasure .
People do n't use the five seats of the car to travel .
From the point of view of the environment , this is a bad idea , because it uses a lot of gas per person .
The cities are crowded and there is a lot of pollution from noise and exhaust .
A new problem is in the small towns , because they are not designed to accommodate a lot of cars .
I think that the main problem with public transport is the communications between villages and small towns , because they only exists between the big cities .
Some countries have a good communications network and people use then mainly because public transport is cheaper than the car and quicker .
It is a problem of mentality . If we had been born into a society that used public transport , I think that would be better and we would use it normally .
In my own town , people do n't use public transport . Some months ago , the council set up a public bike service and , three months later , they had to close it .
It is a pity .
How can you celebrate new year in your country ?
My name is Afsaneh . I 'm from IRAN . I came to London 4 months ago and I want to talk about the Iranian celebration of new year .
We have 3 special days during the celebration of our new year .
They are called :
1- chaharshanbeh soori
2- Norouz
3- sizdehbedar
chahrshanbeh soori :
It means Tuesday night of week and takes place on the last Tuesday night of the year . On this night , people make a bonfire and jump over the fires and say to the fire : I give you my sign of sickness ( yellow color ) and you give me your healthy sign ( red color ) and eat some special foods .
Norouz :
It means new day of the new year and takes place on 21 March ( first day of spring ) this day is very important for us because we clean our houses and buy new clothes just for new year . The major things on Norouz day is haft sin table and including the seven items which start with letters " s " .
We gather around the table on this day and wait for the spring in the last moments of the year .
When the new year starts , we hug and kiss , wishing each other happy new year and presents are exchanged .
During the holiday , people go to see their family , friends and relatives for a type of short visit .
Sizdehbedar :
It means thirteenth day of spring . On this day , people go on a picnic and spend the day out of their homes in nature because they believe that the number thirteen brings bad luck for them .
The television can entertain , and also educate people .
There are so many educational programs , like Animal Planet , and so many others .
Sometimes , some TV shows are so great that they help you in certain classes , for example , Animal Planet can help you in biology . The History Channel can help in history , etc ... In my opinion , television can be as good as books , and can also be a form of learning as good as only reading books , because TV is something fun , so you can learn and have fun at the same time .
Series can also help you to study . For me , it helped me a lot because I love series and some q I watch have helped me in school , such as Breaking Bad , which helped me in chemistry , and so many others .
Last year I saw a movie called ' ' Side by Side '' , and it talked a little about life in ancient history , and by coincidence I was doing this subject in school , so it helped me a lot .
In my opinion , television can entertain and it can educate people in different ways .
16 May 2014
Dear Company ,
I am writing in response to your advertisment for SUMMER CAMPS .
I am very interested in the job , because I would like to work for you this summer .
I could start whenever you like .
I worked as an assistant chef in a Lagunak Restaurant last summer . I worked in another restaurant in London , but I would like to look after children , because I have studied to be a teacher .
Also , I have worked in other summer camps , which are Funny Camp , Nature Camp , etc .
My CV is enclosed .
I believe I am suitable for this job , because I enjoy working with children and I know how to cook very well .
Also , for me , the salary is not a problem , because my motivation is to learn .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Yours faithfully .
Juan Antonio
Everyone says that our lives are going to change in the future but that is what everyone says .
Right ?
In the future , I really want my grandchildren to be happy . That is all I ask for . I may be young , but I think I do n't see myself living on earth in the next 50 years . I mean dreaming does not hurt .
I ask myself every day how can I survive in this mad world ?
I do not know how to answer this question honestly , but I guess I will never know .
I think that public transport has a great future because there are more people who use it every time .
However , I think it is very expensive , but with a decrease in the cost , there would be more people .
Nowadays , having a car is very expensive because you have to pay for a lot of things .
Public transport would have more of a future if it were better distributed .
Personally , I use public transport more and I hardly ever use private transport .
Baja California is bigger than Aguascalientes for the beaches and tourist cities .
The transportation is practical because not all places are search , use cars , trucks and sometimes boats more .
The tourist will never be bored and will have a lot of time to visit the city .
Baja California 's weather is not as cold as Chihuahua 's .
When you go to the beach you have to cross a large avenue to get there on foot .
I have a very tiring day when I go and go straight to bed .
The last few days when I was in Baja California I got very little time for shopping and going to the beach .
Dear Jo ,
How 's it going ?
Well , I think you have chosen the best idea , because there are
more places to visit in Italy .
First , I believe you should travel from the north of Italy to the south , in
order to see all the best places that we have , like Milan , Rome and
Lecce .
Finding a job in Italy is n't as easy as you think , because the
economic system is in crisis , so it 's hard even for Italians , thinking for
foreign people .
But that 's not all . Since you know two languages , maybe you could find
a summer job in a travel agency , because they need someone in
reception who can speak another language apart from Italian .
I will find someone who knows the agency 's manager , and you will
have sent me your CV after the weekend , because he will surely want it .
I 'm very glad to hear from you again ,
Ettore .
Ettore
I think the car is more convenient than public transport .
In a car , you do not have a timetable to consider , you 're free to leave , to go home when you want ... not sit still in snow , rain , cold .
And without getting stuck in the city because of delays by drivers . On public transport there is the possibility that you 're standing for the whole trip , there is always a lot of people , it is cold in the winter and in the summer it 's too hot .
Trips are longer on public transport than by car ,
although I do not know if this would always choose the machine .
By reading the history , we can know that some disasters happened every year of Jaiwu .
And there is no exception this year .
There have been several serious natural or man - made disasters this year .
In Taiwan , a serious air crash caused by bad weather happened first .
A terrible explosion resulting from carelessness followed .
A storm of food problems broke out next .
Around the world , up to three air crashes which resulted from being hijacked or shot happened .
There were also conflicts between western countries and ISIS .
In my opinion , all of us should be careful with all the details when we deal with everything to prevent disasters .
Additionally , all human beings should stop fighting and devote themselves to pursuing a peaceful world .
Last but not least , we should do everything according to our conscience .
Hope that the next year will be better .
Frankly , it seems that the town that I have been living in has not taken care of the environment .
It is easy to see when we walk around or when we go for a walk .
In general , we do n't care about anything ; water , recyclable things , even our air conditioning .
This is such a chronic problem throughout my country .
Here in Brazil , it is very difficult care about it because it demands serious action and skills from our government , which unfortunately wo n't happen soon .
Although Brazil has gone through several changes in the last 40 years , the main one hasn't started yet , and I am talking about education .
Our government prefer to keep our population without information , because it is easier to manipulate their minds .
And why am I talking about it ? I am talking about it because the foundation of environmental protection is our mindset . Just with knowledge and information , we will be able to manage actions to save , protect and improve the environment , and instead we have the current result .
So , if we believe it is an important subject to care about , we need to move fast and our first step should be our election process .
A house is made of walls and beams ; a home is built with love and dreams .
This aphorism is famous and true .
People try to build big and luxurious houses but they forgot about the main thing .
It is warmth that is needful for us .
We can have a really good house where there is a lot of furniture , space and ornaments .
We can choose expensive things for the interior ,
but these things are not important if there is not a comfortable atmosphere .
We have to invest our love , dreams , patience , and as a result , we can create the best house ever .
Building our house we make the most important place for us .
So we have to follow our dreams and create a warm and cosy place .
In this report I am going to talk about how my town takes care of the environment .
First at all , I asked the council about this great problem which is pollution and the way to solve it .
He is aware that the increase in pollution is a big problem and that measures must be taken to try to solve it .
There is no easy way , but it is necessary to do it .
n the town , he tries to make people aware of the situation and they take care of the environment .
On the other hand , the question is whether this solution could be enough or not .
The " green " organisations want to believe the problem is serious and that radical political solutions are needed .
In my opinion , we should be conscientious and stop it . If we do n't stop it , after , it will be too late .
Me and my family .
I love my family , we hardly ever argue !
I do lots of activities with them ..
For example : we go to the restaurant , we go to see my brother 's football matches , we eat or stay at home all together .
We sometimes give presents at parties , like birthday parties ...
The best present that I have received was ... I do n't remember !
Another thing , in my home there are some rules : my brother and I tidy our room , we clean the bathroom after we use it , we ca n't eat on the sofa .. .
I always try to obey the rules , but I sometimes break them because I 'm lazy !
I do n't argue with only one member of my family .. I sometimes argue with my brother about television channels , but we make up immediately .
With my parents , I argue about school , how I use my mobile phone , how I speak to them ..
My last argument with my family was yesterday .
I 'll talk about the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia , and Riyadh City in particular .
First , you should know about the weather . We have a very cold winter and a hot summer compared with the other countries in the Middle East .
If you want a city with sea you should choose any city in the west or east of Saudi Arabia .
Riyadh is the capital City . It 's in the center of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia .
All the stores and malls close at midnight , as well as for the five prayer breaks , because we need to go to pray . For work , you need to know what the field you want to work in , is so I can help you to search for a good job matching your abilities .
After what I have told you about my country , I hope you like it .
I will write about my village .
My village has around 700 residents .
My village is between a river and a mountain .
It has a lot of beautiful things , like an old church from the 15th Century . This church is in ruins , but the new church is also very beautiful and comfortable .
My village has a wall of stone . This wall was built by residents of the village in 1715 .
Another interesting place in my village is the square with its spring .
Also , there are the supermarket , bar and restaurants .
For many years , people have used public transport to go to work , to study , and to travel .
So , we use trains , buses and bikes to get from place to place .
Let us examine the advantages and disadvantages
I think that public transport will have a future for many reasons .
The car could be broken .
A man could have some problems with his health .
For example , if man had a broken leg , it might be hard to drive a car .
Also , for some people , it could be cheaper to travel by bus , especially for a tourist from a foreign country .
Sometimes it is better to travel by bus because of thorny road .
The bus is a democratic form of transport , which is used by students , kids , adults , rich and poor people .
When you are travelling with a big company , it is the best decision to travel by bus .
This is because everyone has a place on the bus .
And it 's fun and exciting to travel with a group by bus .
Nowadays , people have a stressful life , so we ca n't spend time waiting for public transport .
We might think that there is no future for public transport , because most people use their own car .
Using your own car , you can take the decision of what timetable is more convenient and what route you are going to use .
It 's more comfortable to go anywhere in your own car . The problem is the pollution that this life brings us , and also the parking problems .
If everybody goes in their own car , they have to park and maybe the place is full .
Also , travelling by car is so much more convenient because you do n't have to stop in each town , so using your own car saves time .
Nowadays , people are really worried about their jobs due to the big financial crisis in which some people have lost their jobs and others are working in rubbish jobs for little money .
Because of all this , the question is too difficult to answer .
In my opinion , the most important is thing enjoying your work because we spend an average of nine hours in the office or in whatever work that we do . As a result , if you do n't feel comfortable , your life could be hell .
The truth is , that the ideal would be that all people could work in their dream jobs and , of course , make a lot of money , like for example , Hollywood actors or football players . But that is almost impossible .
In summary , for me , it is better to enjoy yourself at work every day , although you do not have a big salary .
The most important thing is to wake up each day with a big smile and work hard .
The Scorch Trials is one of the best films and thrillers that I have ever seen . It is so exciting to see all the thing that they do to survive in the outside world with all those people that are infected with a virus and the reason why they put them in the glade for them to be immune if some sick person bites them .
One of the most amazing parts of the film is when Teresa calls Cruel to go for them and take them again to the Cruel building , and like all of them , does n't want to go with them . They start a war and they take Mihno with them and at the end Thomas decides to go after them and he gives a great speech to all the people who go with them and help him to get back Mihno . And what I really want to see in the next film is whether Thomas is mad at Teresa ( I never liked her ) and if they get free and the world goes back to normal .
Ecotourism Bacalar Quintana Roo .
It is a beautiful place where people can go to have an excellent time and enjoy the forest and lagoons .
There are cabins where you can have a good time in front of a bonfire and sleep in a beautiful room made of ecological materials .
On the trip you can do many activities , like climbing , swimming , paddling , rafting and enjoying the place .
It is a beautiful place to go in your free time and get to know it .
Hi , I am Marianne Willemsen .
I think I am the right person for this job because I have a lot of motivation and a good level of English .
I would also like to get this job because I love the USA and I often do babysitting , so the company of children does not frighten me .
I am a good cook .
When I was younger , I went to summer camp in France . Consequently , I know which activities I can propose to children .
I hope I have convinced you .
Best regards .
I love English but there is an interesting subject I want to study and it 's Mathematics .
This subject is beautiful and incredible . like it very much .
I want to do this course every day if it 's possible also now .
I want your help .
Can you help me somehow ? Please . I want to study this subject .
Thank you very much .
Anna knew that it was going to be a very special day for her .
The day began as usual and there were no signs of trouble , but when she woke up and went downstairs she saw a dog but the dog was an unusual color .
Usually her dog was a blue color but at that moment it was red
Recently , I saw Tarantino 's new film , Django Unchained , and I have to say that I am looking forward to watching the next one .
He took down every mistake he made his in last films .
Firstly , Django Unchained reminds us of the hard life suffered by black people in the past through a great introduction without dialogues , where black people were unchained while they came back to be sold to an owner farm . This was matched with an amazing soundtrack as identity Tarantino 's films .
Nowadays , in many countries , young people are looking for doing sports to be fit and very active and there are many sports to participate in .
On the one hand , there are some arguments for sport , especially volleyball .
When I play volleyball , I totally forget all my problems and focus on nothing but volleyball and the intensity of the game . This is a game I like to play .
The kind of stress that pushes me to work harder in order to get good at what I love .
In addition to this , it pushes me to keep on trying so that I can get everything right .
It 's all about willpower and the absolute desire to get better .
On the other hand , there are a lot of famous players of volleyball who have had knee ligament injuries .The most frequent cause of injury was landing from a jump in the attack zone .
In addition to this , injuries were more frequent during games than during training .
In my opinion , volleyball must then be considered among high - risk sports according to the frequency and gravity of our surgical findings . My advice for someone who is starting this sport is that you will be refreshed after you play this game and it makes you do your work in a relaxed way .
I believe there are numerous possibilities for public transport because cars and public transport play completely different roles in our society .
First of all , public transport probably meets the needs of people who hardly use or do n't use their cars to travel .
In Japan , which has one of the largest populations over 60 , many senior citizens prefer using buses to cars .
In addition , a new generation is growing up and they do n't own their own cars because there are few opportunities to travel and because of the high cost of having a car of their own .
Second , public transport provides a quick and easy way to visit unfamiliar places .
It is not necessary for us to know in advance how to get to the destination when we are using public transport .
So it prevents us from having to open maps to confirm every single route .
Lastly , we can use less resources by using public transport .
When it comes to our environment , the use of public transport could be a solution for reducing the emission of CO2 .
For these reasons , I see a bright future for public transport .
It is beyond doubt the taking care of the environment is regarded as a turning point in our life .
It is upstream that irrigates our economic life , and there is no doubt that negligence has the ability to destroy many good aspects of our lives , and our government is doing its best to put an end to negligence ,
but we also must cooperate to save our town . On the one hand , we must Presentation an awareness program for all people ,
and we must not throw rubbish in the street to keep the area clean , and we must Maintain clean trees to keep the area attractive . Thus , we can improve the national income by attracting many people from other towns . And we must teach children that cleanliness is necessary for their health and at their school they should throw rubbish in the waste baskets and anyone who throws it on the ground will be punished . In conclusion , we ca n't do without cleanliness in our town .
The natural environment is being destroyed . That is a problem people focus on frequently .
Many countries build more and more buildings . This affects people 's quality of life .
Building more large buildings can destroy people 's and animals ' living environment and some animals may become extinct .
Governments should take some measures to deal with building more buildings . We will destroy the natural environment .
There is no future for public transport , because travelling by car is so much more convenient .
I do not agree with this statement because in big cities there are a lot of cars . If all the people in a city use their own car at the same time , there will be a huge traffic jam , so travelling by car is n't much more convenient in this situation .
There are more problems in big cities . One of them is parking . There are a lot of areas in a city where it is very difficult to park and you only have 2 options ; you can park in a private car park and pay a lot of money or you can waste your time searching for a parking space .
Good evening ! I 'm Katerina .
I want to talk about my favourite sport .
Have you ever heard of hockey ?
This is really my favourite sport .
And I am fond of a Russian team .
We are taking part in a championship this year .
It will take place in Minsk .
We are the best team of all .
And I am glad to win a championship cup .
I am waiting for the final of this game .
I want to give advice to children .
Do n't be afraid of hockey ! You are used to sitting in front of a computer , but the best choice is to get up and go to the hockey club .
Hello !
I am Xyz . I am 18 years old and I am a student .
I like to sing and I can play the guitar .
I am a volunteer and I work as a babysitter . I can cook .
I am cheerful and hardworking .
I can speak English very well .
I have experience of this work , because last year I worked at a children 's camp in London .
I enjoy fun with children .
I think I ' m a perfect candidate for this job .
Please contact me .
My email address is xxxxxxxx .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Yours faithfully ,
Xyz
Hi Chris how are you ?
I am was asking to me if you want to go to a party with me ?
What do you think ?
The party is next week at Julia 's house , and it is going to start at 5:00 pm .
My favorite sport is swimming .
I started swimming at nine years old .
I got first prize in a match .
As a result , I think that I have some talent for swimming .
Since then , I met my teacher at the pool .
She taught me a lot of things , and is the most important figure in my life .
She is a doctor . She told me that swimming would let my body more better .
From then on , I felt my disease decrease and feel relax .
Consequently , I need to swim often .
First of all , swimming can help your health .
The research shows that swimming can decrease disease .
Second , swim can relax yourself .
When you are in the water , you will feel relax .
Third , swim can help you make more friend .
You can go to a swimming club . That is a way to meet people with interesting of same .
You should try this sport now .
Running
I am fond of running !
Many people think running is a waste of time or that it 's very difficult , but I do n't agree .
Firstly , you will be stronger , enduring .
I started with three kilometers for one jog .
Now my average jog is 8 - 10 kilometers and going on 40 - 50 minutes .
My best result is 15 km , but I guess awhile .
Secondly , you will be healthier .
I have fewer colds .
Even if I have a cold , I will get out and will run 4 - 5 km .
After that , on the next day , I feel better .
Four years ago , I often had colds and long recovery periods .
Now I have more energy and better health to become happier .
Thirdly , you will be more confident .
I started running four years ago .
Cause of my leg was hurt .
After rehabilitation , I continued to feel pain in my foot and I still limped .
I decided to put an end to this and , one gorgeous morning , I started running !
As a result , I know the men can be harder than can be seem .
After these moments , you start doing things that many people think impossible or even unbelievable .
My recommendations for beginners .
1 ) Improve yourself in a gradual way .
I advise starting with one km .
2 ) Work systematically .
Two to three jogs in a week is the norm for beginners .
3 ) Grow up .
First week one km , the second , one km and 300 meters , etc .
4 ) Think about your initial physical condition .
Dear Mrs Kate Ashby
I am writing to apply for a job in Mrs Cafe .
I found an ad for this job on the Internet .
I would like to start working in your cafe , because I am very interested in cooking and everything connected with it .
I have experience of working in a cafe .
My advantage is that I am very open and friendly .
My last job was working as a dealer in a lot of shops .
I think I am good at dealing with people , particularly in the food sector .
I have traveled a lot , because this is my hobby . I have learned about a lot of food in many countries .
I am used to working a full - time job .
I am prepared for long working hours . That 's no problem for me , because I am young and I like working and spending time with people .
I look forward to new challenges and tasks .
I believe I would be an ideal candidate for this position .
I am an open , hard - working and responsible student .
I am looking forward to hearing from you as soon as it is possible .
I hope for a positive response .
Patrycja Vigh
Dear Peter ,
How are you ?
Do you have any plans for next Sunday ?
We want to go for a picnic to the park near my house at 12:00 . My husband invited you to that .
Do you fancy coming ?
If you are coming , let me know if you like meat ?
see you soon
Katy
Is Physical Education necessary in schools ?
First of all , It is true that not all people like doing sports because they are hard work and a bit stressful too .
We can also say that there are other more important subjects than Physical Education , like Biology or History .
However , Physical Education is necessary because it makes people less lazy .
Despite the fact that sports are hard work , doctors are always saying that sports improve our health .
Schools have Physical Education to teach this good habit from our childhood .
In conclusion , Physical Education is necessary in schools because sports improve our health and make us feel good and healthy .
I would like to make a reservation for next month , from 24th may to 28th ( 4 nights , Double room ) but I have questions about your booking policy .
I mean , after reading the terms and deposit policy , I understand I must pay for the first night at the time of booking and the rest of the stay should be paid upon arrival at the front desk .
Plus , if I cancel the reservation 48 hrs before arrival I will be charged 5% of the full stay .
I understand this part , but if I have to cancel the reservation , how should I do it ?
By phone , by mail or on your website .
To begin with I would like to say that doing a sport is very important to keep us slim and healthy .
My favourite sport is swimming because it is the one I have been practising for a long time , since I was a kid .
I like swimming because it is a sport that makes me work my whole body and it is also a really complete sport .
Nowadays , it is really important to know how to swim because when we are on holiday we spend most of our time in the water at the swimming pool or even in the sea .
I like other sports such as football and volleyball , too .
I would give the advice that this sport makes people healthy , but it also helps us to make new friends because , while we are training , we have people in our team who we can talk to and make friends with .
Otherwise , it is a sport where you do not have contact with your friends what helps not to make injuries .
To conclude , I think this is a really good sport to start with when you are a small child to gain experience and , year after year , become better .
No wonder we say that sport is so important .
It keeps our bodies in good condition .
Actually , there are two kinds of sports .
The first one is individual sports and in this kind you practise your game alone and you are the only player on your team .
The second kind is team sports .
In this kind , you are one of a team and all the team play as one person .
Although some people prefer individual games , I prefer team games .
Because they teach us the meaning of cooperation and leadership .
Team sports are very important and they include a lot of kinds .
My favourite team sport is football .
I play football every day with my friends at a club .
I find football interesting because it teaches us a lot of values such as cooperation and onest .
I can also have fun with my friends when I play it .
I think it is the most interesting sport .
Famous people definitely deserve to have a private life without journalists following them all the time .
I think everyone should have a private life .
In our world there are many personalities , more or less known , such a film stars , musicians and so on , but why ca n't they have normal lives ?
They also have families , they also sleep , have friends , and that 's normal . We can look at them like they are aliens .
Honestly , if I were in their shoes I could n't stand it .
I would feel like a prisoner , who ca n't do anything , because someone will take a photo of it , and I wo n't have peace .
Actually I have to admit , that film stars , politicians and other famous people have to count on fame .
They must know , people will notice them , walking along the street .
They ca n't complain , because it 's the way of life they chose .
In my opinion , everyone deserves calm .
Dear Sir ,
With reference to your advertisement for the summer camp job in the current , I am writing to you to apply for it .
In the advertisement you state that you need a person who has skills relevant to working with children .
I would like to tell you that I have done a course on which I learnt to organise all kinds of activities for children , from canoeing to swimming competitions . Also , I worked in a summer camp last year , where I could put all the things that I had learnt into practise and it was a very pleasant experience which I would like to have again .
Because of that , if you want , I will send you a letter of recommendation from my boss at that camp .
In addition to that , I am well organised in the kitchen and I can cook a lot of different dishes .
I would be very grateful if you would consider my application .
I look forward to hearing from you as soon as possible .
Yours faithfully .
Hi Paul ,
it 's great to hear from you .
Everything 's OK .
The concert was just flubbergasted .
What a pity , that you were n't there .
If I had known about the thing before I would have invited all my mates .
It really was amazing . I think , it was a breakthrough in my perception of music .
What 's more , I did n't have to pay for the ticket , because it was volunteer work - closing the door after people that came out of the concert hall .
The good thing about it was the fact that the band ( actually I do n't even remember its name ) was playing with so much passion , that no one probably even thought about leaving the place .
In a word , doing nothing was the big advantage of this kind of work .
There were many things that just stunned me at one moment , when the band started to play ...
First of all , Balkan music turned out to be one of the most irresistible kinds I have ever heard .
In my opinion , music like this should be played more often on the radio and other mass media .
The bad thing about it is that the band is not popular , and not many people have ever heard of it .
The mass media do not want to introduce this kind of music , probably because it would displace the mainstream - pop music .
See you soon !
Take care ,
Jim
Dear Sir ,
With reference to your advertisement posted on the web ( CareerCast IT ) a few days ago , I am sending you attached my curriculum vitae in support of my application for the following position : Graduate Project Engineer , which is being offered at your company .
I have never worked as an engineer , but I am experienced in electronics as a hobbyist since I was a child . I have my own lab equipment and I have designed and assembled several circuits .
Please , feel free to get in touch with my teacher in order to obtain references for me : ( 5wYU8kZ1pS6@uniovi.es Phone : 34 123 45 67 89 . He speaks English fluently ) .
I live in Spain at the moment .
If you consider my application , it would certainly be a great job opportunity for me to gain experience in the engineering field and develop my professional career .
I am not worried about a salary now , but am looking for a chance to show my skills .
I would agree to work for the minimum wage or working in practice .
I honestly think I 'll be very valuable to you .
My ability to learn and work , together with my enthusiasm , are core strengths that could be of great help to your company .
My degree is adapted to the European Higher Education and it 's valid in the whole EU .
I should like to thank you in advance for granting me an appointment for an interview and look forward to hearing from you .
Yours faithfully ,
Many people all around the world love football .
Football is such a beautiful sport because it is really fun in a lot of ways .
Football is my favourite sport and I think it will always be in my life .
I love football because there 's a lot of enjoyment in it .
I play football for Waitakere college school first eleven as a defender and I enjoy playing in that position because it is easy for me to play .
I used to dream of playing for Barcelona because Barcelona has good players I like . For example , Lionel Messi .
Where I was born there was n't any chance for me to practise football so I could become really good like other players .
But even though I will never get a chance of playing for my dream team , I still enjoy playing football . I can play with people who are good and I still have fun .
I advise young kids to train hard and play football because it 's a lot of fun .
If you start playing football at a young age , you really get better at football .
The last hotel I went to was one of my best holidays .
" The heaven " , this was its name , was a nice small hotel near the seaside in the south of Italy , near Paestum , to be precise .
When we arrived there in July last summer , the owners welcomed us with a magnificent basket of fresh fruits in the room and a variety of drinks in the fridge , all included in the room 's fee .
Every room in the hotel has a balcony which overlooks the sea , so every morning , when you wake up , you hear the sound of the waves breaking on the beach .
During our stay , all the staff were friendly and always available .
Even though all the meals were delicious and plentiful , you could also drink or eat special snacks while you were on the sunny beach .
I would recommend this hotel to anyone because there you will completely relax and it will really seem to you as if you were in heaven !
My Favourite Sport - Football .
There is perhaps nothing more pleasant than when your favourite sport is as healthy as it is enjoyable .
I believe that many people would agree with me , as football is the most popular sport in the world .
Since I was five , I have enjoyed playing football with my friends in front of our block of flats .
It all started very naturally .
The ball was an object which provided us with lots of fun while we kicked it and had friendly matches .
As time went by , football remained my favourite sport .
It still gives me great fun in the incredible company of my friends and it keeps me fit as well .
The best time for football is a sunny day after recent rain when the ground is nice and soft and the air is fresh .
Football is a great sport for everyone , Men , women , children , adults , even elderly people enjoy it .
As someone who has played this sport for ages , my advice to people starting this sport is : get the right equipment , find a friendly team , and enjoy the game .
Soon you will also enjoy your improved condition and better health .
I definitely recommend this sport to anyone who wants to keep fit , have fun with their friends , and live a happy life .
Dear Jo
How have you been , my friend ?
It has been a long time since I have seen you , and you always wanted to visit Taiwan , my beautiful country .
I heard about your wanting to have a trip to Taiwan . I would love to help you if you came to Taipei .
Taiwan 's culture is all about eating .
At any time of day or night , we can see people eating in all kinds of eating establishments ; from restaurants to food stalls in the streets .
I would show you the restaurant which is my favorite choice .
We also could go hiking in the mountains or go swimming at the beach , so you would have a good time in my country , Taiwan .
On the other hand , you wanted to look for a job . Maybe you could have a part - time job in a cram school .
A lot of children usually do n't know how to study English , and you could help them to get there .
If you are interested in my idea , I would help you to find one immediately .
Your friend
Nick
Tom and I have been training for a long time .
We knew we had a competition and that it was a really hard one .
The other team was professional , they had won many competitions , they were really good , but Tom and I knew that we could win .
Our competition was on Monday . We had one day left .
We made a schedule with all our training days and hours .
Another day was starting , another day of training , our last one .
We had to make the last effort to reach the point we wanted .
Winning . We knew it had a cost , but one that we could achieve .
On that last day of training , we started with a light run .
Tom was really tired and it was really weird because it was not a hard run . I knew it was because of nerves .
After the run , we continued with our daily routine .
After three hours of training , Tom and I were extremely exhausted .
I told Tom I wanted to talk about our achievements before we went home .
Tom said he was really happy and proud of us .
He also thanked me and told me that if it was n't for me he would n't even have thought about playing tennis professionally .
It had been a very long and tiring day , but Tom felt he had achieved something really good .
Dear Summer Camp ,
I am a university student .
I 'm 18 years old and I 'm interested in working in your Summer Camp .
Two months ago I worked in a kindergarten .
I know how to look after kids . I even have two little sisters and I take care of them .
I have experience with kids .
I can also do different activities with kids , for example , singing , running around the garden , planting trees , drawing , playing instruments , etc .
At school I learned how to cook different types of dishes and desserts .
I can teach kids recipes that they can cook .
I 'm the right person for the job because I 'm reliable and experienced .
Best regards
Karen
Sport is an important thing for all of us because it helps us avoid disease and become healthier . My favourite sport is swimming , so practising this kind of sport is the best because it helps me feel fresh and relaxed .
Moreover , daily exercise is a very good idea which helps us to avoid becoming overweight and to keep our body healthier . So I always want to advise people to practise this sport or other knids of sports to avoid diseases .
Two movies .
During the last months , we have seen a huge number of new movies issued by many famous European and American filmmakers .
The two I have enjoyed the most are " The Wolf of Wall Street " and " The Secret Life of Walter Mitty " , or more simply , " Walter Mitty " .
The first one is basically based on the true story of the main character , a financial broker , who is played by the famous Hollywood actor Leonardo di Caprio and on how he became rich by breaking the rules and speculating on the stock market .
I would define it as an action movie .
Walter Mitty , in contrast , deals with the fictional story of the main character , an archivist , whose life is changed completely when the company he works for is taken over by one of its competitors .
Walter Mitty is played by the excellent Ben Stiller , who has now arrived at the top of his career as an actor .
Far from the moise and reality of The Wolf of Wall Street , Walter Mitty offers the audience a delicious portrayal of the main character 's life and adventures , through which he will discover his true self and will start a new life .
Although presenting a more lively plot , The Wolf of Street is not able to keep the attention of the audience like Walter Mitty does .
I must say that The Secret Life of Walter Mitty is a well - constructed movie that I strongly recommend to anyone who wants to spend a great evening watching an entertaining movie .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
My name is Rebeca Costa and I am writing this letter about the advertisement for a job in the USA Summer Camps .
I am 32 years old and even though I live in Brazil I have fluent English .
In order to improve my English skills and also have a chance to meet new people from all around the world , I have got very excited about that position that is available .
I think that I can help you with several camps activities , because of my background in volunteer work . I have experience not only in the kitchen but also organising and managing some youth sports games in my neighborhood .
I would like to know more information about how to proceed with applying and when this job will commence .
I am looking forward to hearing from you in a few days .
Yours faithfully
Rebeca Costa
It is undoubtedly true that in today 's modern world people commute to work mostly in their private vehicles .
It seems more convenient to them to get around on their own rather than be tied to public transport .
It can be argued that public transport systems have been losing their popularity in many ways .
People feel that they can get to their destinations on time if they drive their own car .
It is true in many cases , as public modes of transport like buses , trains and trams , have their own specific routes and stops .
This may cause people to get to their particular destination late .
Secondly , public transport seems to be getting more expensive day by day , which has reduced its popularity .
People therefore find cars more affordable for them .
In modern society , cars have become cheaper to buy , which in turn has helped people to have them .
Moreover , many car finance companies have made it easy for every individual to purchase a car .
In conclusion , I would say that , due to recent progress in society , there has been a considerable increase in car ownership .
It can therefore easily be predicted that there will be no role for public transport in the future .
I think that when you want to become famous because of something that you do ( for example , writing musicals ) you have to accept what comes with it .
It 's true that sometimes paparazzi cross the line and invade their private properties , which I find awful .
However , there are also those kinds of people that become famous for doing nothing or just being rich , as is the case with Paris Hilton .
That makes me wonder who really deserves fame and who does n't , but fame is not the same as being remembered .
We can see that people become famous when they die , so , journalists are instrumental in creating a negative or positive opinion of that person .
They are just people , but not like you or me , or at least , I do n't have a fabulous Ferrari to comfort me when I 'm sad .
" Nowadays , older people are disadvantaged because they lack the ability to use technology confidently . " Do you agree or disagree ?
The difficulty of learning something .
In our world , it 's impossible to live without using technology .
Some people say that the world could be better if it returned to the past where life was more simple .
But this is an anachronism .
It 's impossible to stop science .
The question is whether older people are disadvantaged by not using technology in a confident way .
One can not ignore that it 's easier for young people to improve their knowledge than for older people .
It depends on the capacity of children to learn faster than elderly adults .
There is no doubt : young people use technology much more easily than old people .
By the way , in my opinion , if someone , for example , explains well and calmly the use of new technology to an old man or woman , in the end , these people are also in a position to use it .
New technology consists , for instance , in smartphones , tablets , PCs .
There are some old people who are interested in knowing how technology works , but others who are not interested at all .
For the latter , it 's not necessary to use technology , because they can continue to live without using it .
To conclude , if it 's true that not all people use technology confidently , anyone who is interested can be involved in using new technology even if the final results might be lower than their expectations .
Dear Sir/ Madam ( director of the film department )
I am writing this letter , because last week I read a notice in your STUDENT FILM CLUB magazine about a movie or thriller that I like and I can recommend to you .
Well , last Sunday , I went to the cinema and I saw THE TITANIC . Perhaps the movie counts as the typical story where the rich girl falls in love with the poor boy .
But the best of all for me was the sinking of the ship , when it went down to the bottom of the ocean .
The film explains to us how the event happened in the same way that it did in the early XIX century .
The director wanted to make the story as realistic as possible .
He explains the building of the ship , why it sank , how it stood on the bottom the of ocean and how the people helped each other .
I really like the beginning of the movie , because we can see the ship when it was really new , with its chairs , tables and other furniture .
I think that the love story is included to explain the sinking better .
I look forward to hearing from you .
As requested by a local tourist office , this is a report regarding shopping facilities in my town and shops that will appeal to tourists with different interests .
First of all , there are many shopping malls in different areas of my town .
One of them which covers all interests is Afi Palace Cotroceni .
Its location is in the western part of Bucharest .
Regarding the actual shopping mall , it has more than 30 shops with a variety of things , from fashionable clothes to delicious food and even squaint books .
Moreover , it is a source of entertainment for all ages .
In fact ,
it has 2 different cinemas , one with Imax .
Another part of Bucharest for shopping is Unirea Shopping Centre .
Called in a malicious way , there are 6 floors for jewellery , clothes , accessories , gadgets , books etc .
On the top floor is the food court , closed aired which is by far too crowded and full of smoke .
Being in the centre of Bucharest , you can go outside , in the downtown area to consider visiting new cultural things while shopping in boutiques and relaxing on a terrace with a cool lemonade .
Most of the time , clothes are handmade and original .
In addition to that , cheap is the best word to describe the prices .
To sum up , it would seem that downtown is a preferable place , with better value for money .
Although using your own car is better for moving around the city , public transport has been shown to be a good option for travelling long distances at a low cost and , depending on its quality , also low budget .
There probably is n't a bright future for public transport if it does n't develop as it should in the world we are living in today . That is , if businesses continue with their current already old - fashioned business model , for sure , they will lose customers , and so , benefits and weight in the transportation world .
In conclusion , this kind of transport will have to improve if the companies in charge want citizens to use their buses , trains and other public vehicles in the future .
Those improvements should include lowering the price , reducing the times or offering new destinations and more resources .
Working holidays abroad
Introduction
The aim of this report is to share the experience of different students who worked abroad during the summer .
In order to do so , I conducted interviews with 30 university students .
Pros
Every single one of them said that if you work abroad , you will improve your English a lot , since you will be hearing and speaking it all day .
In addition , another advantage is that by working all summer you can earn some money for your personal expenses .
Cons
However , almost every student confessed to having felt homesick despite the fact that they made a large number of friends there .
Another drawback is that , unless you are really motivated , it will be difficult for you to adapt to a new city .
Conclusion
Even if there are some disadvantages , most students agreed that this is an amazing experience not to be missed .
All in all , I suggest encouraging students to find a job abroad during the summer .
There are a few things which I am very keen and passionate about in the whole world .
One of these it 's surely my sport .
I have been doing swimming since I was six years old . Now I am twenty one . This should leave you in no doubt about how much I care about my hobby .
This is not just a sport , but an extraordinary thing I do in my ordinary life , in everyday life .
When I am tired , stressed , depressed , frustrated , sick of passing fancies or fake friends , there is just one thing that is able to make me feel better and snap out of it : this is , of course , swimming .
So , I let myself drop into the water of the pool , and as soon as I am completely submerged , all the problems , sadness and heaviness of life suddenly disappear , and that 's the most amazing emotion I could ever try .
If I had to suggest a sport for children to do , I would recommend it , because whether it makes everyone be in shape , it is healthy and guarantees an high level of wealth .
I advise parents to let children begin swimming as soon as they can , provided they are interested in it .
It is worth saying that each one should follow their passions .
I 'll finish by saying that , even when I was young , if my father had asked me if I would rather go to a swimming race or to a candy fair , I would surely have chosen the former .
I find it difficult to have a healthy way of life at the moment .
First of all , the environment is contaminated and these substances get to us by water , air , food ... also clothes .
We ca n't avoid electromagnetic waves around us , even if we are living in the country or far from the factories .
If you want to live healthily , you must understand it and try to choose between the few real options you have .
The main advice would be to have a balanced diet : a lot of fruits and vegetables , few fats , to drink more water , etc .
Then , it is very important to exercise because your body and your mind need movement .
If you do not have enough time to exercise every day , you can make little efforts : do not use the lift , use the stairs or walk every time you can .
But the most important thing for having a healthy life is to be calm , not feel stress .
Nowadays , we have hurried lives but we must stop and live our lives too .
Your health needs calm , friendship , happiness ... You must keep in contact with your friends and spend time with yourself ( do not forget your hobbies and learn new things ) and your family .
I think that would be the best advice .
It is known that the Internet makes things easier than ever and can be used for everything .
Some people believe that we ca n't even live without it .
One of the advantages of the Internet is that we can meet new people around the world and make friends without talking face to face .
There are plenty of websites where you can search for people , meet them and chat with people with the same interests .
I have very good friends thanks to the Internet .
However , there is a lot of malicious software around the Internet and you must be careful .
You should n't do silly or illegal things , because you will be exposed to this malicious software .
In addition , that software is created by nasty people that create these viruses to damage other people 's computers .
In my opinion . I must express the facilities given by the Internet .
It 's all so easy and useful . For example , you can order a pizza to be delivered to your home .
To sum up , I totally agree with making friends through the Internet .
Did you know that your brain is exercised when you read books ? You should read the topic that you prefer like news , sports , novels , economics , health , fitness , food , cooking and you can choose material that is easy and enjoyable to read like novels , magazines , newspapers , technical books and things like that .
Why do I recommend it ?
When you have finished your studies and you have gotten a job where where you do the same activities every day , the brain does n't work hard and you might have some problems like forgetting words , dates , information that you learnt a few years ago , because your memory wo n't work in the same way .
I think that your brain is like your body . They both need exercise to be active and the way to get it is reading something .
I 'm sure if you read or listen to an audio book just 1 hour every day , you will feel a change quickly . I know that adopting reading habits is difficult , but if you start to do it , you wo n't be able to get enough of it and you will read for pleasure .
Finally , if you get the reading habit you will organize your ideas better and you may feel more energetic . If you do n't believe me , just try it .
Dear Sir or Madam
I wish to apply for the post of worker in an USA summer camp that was advertised in the newspaper last Monday .
This job is of great interest to me as it reflects my ambitions in life and requires my education , skills and experience .
With majors in linguistics ( to be more precise , the English and Chinese languages ) , I have recently got a second degree in psychology .
It follows that , on the one hand , I have extensive knowledge of how to be on good terms with different people and , on the other hand , I have a perfect command of English .
Two years ago , I worked as an interpreter and an organizer at the Waterski World Championships in Moscow .
In addition , as I have been determined to build my career as a teacher since my childhood and , moreover , I definitely have a way with children of any age , after graduation I gained experience at university and in a local school .
I have been teaching English for 5 years already and I would say that this job was made for me .
In terms of my personality , I am very hardworking , enthusiastic about a wide range of activities , open and friendly .
My opinion is rooted in my experience , so I really enjoy interacting with people , especially children , and to tell you the truth , I like cooking and experiencing new things in general .
I feel these skills would allow me to perform effectively in this position .
My enclosed resume outlines my experience in greater detail .
I would welcome the opportunity to meet with you and look forward to hearing from you .
Yours faithfully ,
Mary J.
Badminton for every age
It 's fast and it needs a lot of athletic skills .
A wise man in the past said once , " If you want to be a good badminton player you need the nerves of a climber , the strength of a shot putter , the condition of a marathon runner and the elegance and cleverness of a fencer . "
Badminton is my favourite sport .
I feel happy after every game .
It 's exhausting and you have to move fast to get every shuttlecock .
You have to be competitive !
You can play it at any age .
I started when I was seven years old in my first class .
My coach was very nice and mostly we played in teams .
I had a lot of fun at the summer sports camps and I made a lot of friends .
With the badminton club in our city we traveled to different cities and countries .
If you want to start playing badminton , you should look for a badminton club nearby and should sign up for a training class .
If you do n't know what racket you should buy , you will get all the information at the club .
Mostly , the badminton clubs sell all kinds of badminton equipment for beginners and professionals . Do n't be lazy !
When you start playing , you should practice at least twice a week , better three times a week .
Invite your friends from school or work .
Practice together with people of your age . It is a lot of fun and you will get better soon .
I usually play three times a week and I had a tournament last weekend .
It was very exciting , because there were many people from all over the region .
I lost a few games , but that 's okay .
Every lost game gives me more motivation to practice harder and every won game makes me proud and happy about all the hard work that I have done in the last few months .
In our badminton club we have a lot of members over the age of sixty years old .
I hope I can still play when I get to that age .
The sport keeps you healthy and fit .
It has been a long time since I watched a thriller , but I do remember that I watched The Hunger Games part 1 , and I recommend all the Hunger Games films .
Those films are really good . You have a drama , a romance , and a thriller ; those films are very entertaining .
I think you are going to like them because you like that kind of movie and also , they are worth your while and you are not going to regret it .
Another thriller that is really good is The Cabin in the Woods . That movie is really entertaining , and scary .
If you like scary thrillers , this movie is the one for you to watch , I do n't remember it very well , but it is also mysterious , so you will like that one .
This place does n't appear in history books , but it symbolises better than others a change in our country .
This building is situated in Barcelona , although it 's only a short walk from Gaudi 's magnificent artwork , it is n't as famous as that .
When the Civil War ended , the country was completely destroyed and people had nothing to eat .
Particularly in Barcelona , the trouble was that they could fish in the sea but there was n't an appropriate place to keep the fish , so they could n't eat it one or two days later .
That situation must have been terrible for the population , but fortunately , there is always a possible solution .
A group of fishermen began to walk around the city looking for a good place where they could take their fish .
Finally , they found an old destroyed palace and they decided to build there their own " fish shopping centre " .
Neighbours helped them to build the building and , after a few months , they began to use it .
This is a great example of how the Spanish population could go on with their lives working together without the government 's help .
Nowadays , the building has become a luxury mall with the most expensive brand clothes .
However , the structure has been kept so that visitors can enjoy this popular architectural jewel .
As the story continued , people kept thinking that fish were polluted .
The homeless man noticed it too , although he did n't care because he would always obtain free food .
As always after having fish for dinner , he had a strange dream .
He dreamt it was his time to go fishing ; he went so far that he saw a kind of battle between sharks and whales .
He looked down and noticed that there was a city of marine life and the battle was n't really a battle , it was a revolution , where the fish were the citizens .
This meant some fish were damaged thanks to the revolution , which also meant that , while they were reproducing , the genes of the baby were changed .
And the new fish will not be the same conventional fish , they will taste different or simply change shape .
If there were a revolution in the city , obviously the fish would try to escape .
The fish were going to the beach where the people fished .
That was his entire dream . He was now scared to find out if that was real or not .
But it was too illogical to be true ; the good thing was that he was n't the one that would go and fish , which would be the leader .
After a few days of staying awake and only eating fish , they continued having the same allergic reaction to the fish thanks to their nutrition .
The homeless man had another dream where there was a pest around the forest that was contaminating all types of food .
They would notice quickly because the fish would smell worse than it already did .
When he woke up from his dream , he kind of having a skeptic attitude , but he was diminishing it .
After walking for many days , the ' survivors ' were worried , and thinking about how much they would still need to walk to find a city . Also they were thinking that maybe they were going forward one day and backwards the next day .
Which meant they were in the same place , and that was the reason why they would always watch the sea ...
Nowadays , it is more and more popular to take a year off between school and university .
In fact , it is an important decision .
You start living on your own , make your own decisions and plan your future .
It has many advantages and disadvantages as well .
On the one hand , there are a large number of teenagers who have no idea about their future .
They do n't know which university and field of study to choose .
During a gap year , you have the chance to consider all the issues connected with your future .
You have enough time to try to use your abilities and at the same time discover your own calling .
Besides , there are a great number of people who graduate school but do n't have enough money to continue their education .
The year off gives them opportunities to get a job .
In the beginning , it would be a simple job and without high wages , but you would get some experience .
What 's more , you can use this time to travel and relax .
You can get to know other countries and new individuals .
On the other hand , I can also see negative aspects of taking a year off .
You start your studies later compared with your friends .
It would be more difficult to start your own life on your own .
It is also a point that if you do n't achieve what you wanted to during the gap year , you are in the same place as when you were graduating school .
To sum up , I think that taking a year off is an important decision . You should give it thought before you finally decide .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
I am writing to you in order to apply for the position of camp assistant in Summer Fun Ltd.
Last year , I attended an art course , which taught me how to make interesting things only using my hands and my imagination .
I have a certificate for high achievement in the areas of painting and designing things in clay .
In addition , I recently passed my First Aid Course , which is quite useful for me .
I am fond of children and I like to be around them , so it will be a pleasure for me to get this job .
Among my colleagues and friends , I have a reputation for being a mature , responsible and easy - going person .
I grew up in a family whose members speak Italian and Spanish fluently .
I believe that this will give me the chance to consider my application and get the job .
Yours faithfully ,
Nikoleta Ozerova
Nowadays , television is very important in our lives because there are a lot of benefits and advantages to watching TV .
There are lots of interesting programs suitable for people of every age .
In my opinion , TV is useful because we can learn many interesting things and also reduce stress by watching TV .
We can choose entertainment programs which are full of fun .
Everyone can choose something suitable for them .
We can find music programs which are wonderful for people who love listening to music and dancing .
When we watch and listen to music we can learn foreign languages as well .
Men usually choose sports programs , which are really popular on the TV nowadays .
It is a cheaper way to watch their favourite team than spending money on an expensive ticket .
Who does not like watching movies ?
Everybody loves watching movies !
I work at a gas station .
Today I opened the gas station at 9:30 in the morning .
I went to the gas station late today because I left my keys in the bathroom and I locked myself in the bathroom .
Someone came and opened the bathroom and I got my keys and went to work .
Today I had a 2-hour driving lesson .
The driving instructor picked me up at the gas station and from there we went to a parking lot near AMC and practised parallel parking and the k - turn .
After that , I practiced turns and driving on the road .
The instructor dropped me back at the gas station and from there I took a bus to Princeton and from there I transferred to another bus to my home .
Dear Sir or Madam
I have seen your English courses on the internet and suddenly I thought that 's what I need !
My name is Mike , I 'm 23 years old and I want to learn more English because I love this language and because I need it for my next job in the summer .
At the moment , I am living in Germany , but if I could come to your English course , then I would find another place to stay . That 's no problem !
I want to ask some questions about the course .
How much are the costs and how often will we have the lessons ?
I hope it will be every day because I 'm looking forward to learning English !
I would be grateful if you could reply to my questions as soon as you can .
If you have any questions , please do n't hesitate to contact me .
Thank you very much .
Best regards
Mike
Micheal is a clever , shy guy who decided to look for new opportunities outside of his small town . After the tragedy of losing his father , he felt the need to move forward with his life and discover his real needs . No one in Micheal 's school was able to understand this weird , isolated guy , so he never accepted having new friendships out of his class , that ends when the class ends . Then there was that girl . A beautiful popular blonde who was in the cheer leaders and every boy 's dreams . One day , after a physics exam , she just stumbled into his bag and knocked his books out of it . " Sorry " , she said , with a sad sexy look ! ,
that look occupied Micheal 's mind from then on and led to him dropping his dream of being a creative engineer and abbreviated it all on his muscles and girls hoping that he might be noticed by her . Arika , the girl who was using anyone who could make her make a step towards her success and popularity . Michael felt that he was pathetic and deceived when he saw her with the class 's new clever guy . He could n't understand that giving up one 's dream is the worst decision and will lead to failure . Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
We would like to discuss with you the duration of each course unit .
To study 1 unit per week was difficult for us , because of translation .
We were faced with the real problem of lack of time for translating , especially closer to the end when our translators worked with very large texts .
Would it be possible for you to increase the period spent studying a topic ? For example , 2 weeks for each unit ?
Or 10 days ?
It makes studying more effective and comfortable for us .
Let me know please .
We 're also waiting for information about your fee , order of payments and other employment terms .
Yours Anna .
I have been playing tennis since I was 5 ! I think it 's a great way to relax and also to do physical exercise .
You can play tennis either in a closed space or outdoors , so you can also play it if it is raining outside .
I do n't like doing a sport in a closed space , such as gyms . In fact , I always do whatever I can to play tennis outdoors even if it 's not a beautiful day .
As I said before , I sometimes play tennis in order to relax .
Each time I have a written test at school , I play it the day before .
I find it helps me a lot because it takes my mind off .
If you want to play this sport , you have to make a really big effort and try to practise as much as possible .
I reckon it 's quite an expensive sport , but if your parents give you pocket - money , you will not have any problems .
So , definitely , if you want to try this beautiful experience , I sincerely recommend it to you .
.
- It 's so hard for me to wake up at 6 o'clock .
Every day I wake up in a very bad mood .
I try drinking a cup of strong coffee but it does n't help .
Why are you so cheerful in the mornings ?
- I thought that it was your normal condition .
As for me , I 've got some rules .
- I 'm just a late riser .
That half of my day I am always sleepy and angry .
- So it 's not so difficult to be an early riser .
Just follow the daily regimen .
And always do some morning exercises .
- Can you show me some of them ?
- I 'm afraid I ca n't .
But you can switch on some special morning TV shows .
I will send you a list of them .
They are very helpful .
- OK .
And what about your breakfast ?
- I 'm absolutely sure that you need n't drink coffee every morning .
Just a glass of still water and some fruit .
I think you should consult a doctor about it .
- Sure . Thank you for your advice .
2 . -
Hello , Jane , can I talk to you for a minute ?
- Yes , of course .
What happened ?
Something wrong with you ?
- No , I just want to know your opinion as an expert .
I 've got some problems with waking up in the morning .
- Just follow the daily regimen .
Try not to eat a very substantial meal in the evening and in the morning .
- What about coffee ?
- Some experts think that it is a good thing .
But I think you should remove it from your diet .
- OK …
- And I forgot to add that you must do some morning exercises .
And in a week you will see that it 's not so hard to wake up .
- Thanks a lot for your advice .
Yes , I believe that television entertains and also educates .
Watching quiz programs is a main way to educate oneself .
We get to know about so many facts on a quiz show .
Watching the history channel gives us great information about the history of the earth .
Watching the National Geographic or Discovery channels takes us into a world of animals where we get to see numerous wild animals and their characteristics , which are really interesting .
Watching the daily news on television enlightens us about what 's happening around the world .
Being aware of current affairs is important in our life .
There are also many disadvantages to television .
There are plenty of entertainment programs which just waste our time with no other benefits .
It 's really depressing to see kids being engrossed in soap operas or some useless reality shows or cartoons .
Entertainments are a must . Everyone should take time off from their busy or hectic schedule .
But it should be at a moderate level .
If everyone uses television wisely , it can do more good than bad .
To USA SUMMER CAMPS department of human resources ,
I am writing this letter in response to the job advertisement for working in a summer camp in which I am quite interested .
I am currently studying for a marketing and market research degree at Malaga University . In September I will start my last year of the course , which I hope to finish next year .
although I am still studying , I also work at weekends as a football referee in the province of Málaga . I consider myself a person with a high control when I work with big groups and also a person who likes to lead groups and with a good ability to work under pressure .
I am used to working with children who are under 12 years old , because I usually do kids ' matches when I referee .
The idea of working in the kitchens really excites me , because I would like to provide my cooking experience . I started it as an obligation because my parents where always working , but eventually , I liked it , and now I make all sorts of desserts and meals .
Finally , I want to thank you for your attention and I hope to have a response soon .
Best regards ,
Dear Mary ,
Thanks for your letter .
I 'm looking forward to your arrival !
I know this is going to be your first visit to Russia and it 's really great ! I 'll give you information about two ways of getting to my place without significant expenses .
The first one is to catch an express bus from the airport to the metro station " Yuzhnaya " and then to change one bus for another one going to my town , where I can meet you at the bus station .
The second way is more convenient and comfortable .
I could pick you up from the airport by car .
That would be splendid and fun for both of us because we could have a good long talk and pop into a café for a snack .
As for the weather , it 's quite nice at the moment , but I suggest bringing something warm just in case as the weather is very changeable here .
Ca n't wait to see you !
Lots of love ,
Svetlana
Dear Mr. Green ,
I have just received your letter and I 'm glad that you have found my film the most interesting .
Thank you !
I 'm really pleased as there were about 200 competitors and , so , I would never have thought I would be the winner .
I 'd rather go to London and spend a day filming with the film director because I 'm going to take my brother with me and he has never been there .
I think he will be excited when I tell him the news .
I 'm really sorry , but on May 15th I have an important exam at school , so it would be impossible for me to meet her .
If the film director was available on May 18th , it would be perfect !
Mr. Green , I 'm really keen to know who the professional film director is .
Looking forward to your answer .
Best regards
Antonio
The perfect hotel I would love to work in should be located in my country .
Particularly , in the south of the country .
Since many European tourists like to have their holidays on the beach enjoying the sunshine and also discovering the historical remains from the past , Antalya ( Turkey ) is the best city to work in .
So I could take advantage of my foreign language knowledge .
The hotel should provide a variety of cuisines from around the world , so that the clients can eat whatever they wish .
There should be both indoor and outdoor pools .
For disabled people , there should be expanded services to give them easy mobility .
For couples who have babies , there should be babycare services .
There should be a bar which is open 24 hours .
The hotel should have an all - inclusive concept , so before people go on holiday , they can calculate their costs .
In the case of workers , I would like to have accommodation given by the company .
Also , food should be provided by the company .
The most important aspect that the hotel should have , is that it should be open all year round , not only in the summer .
So that I do not waste all the money in the winter that I have saved in the summer .
Cyberschool have been attempting to present their new project called cyberschool .
Cyberschool is when students receive
lessons on their computers from their teachers .
This new way of teaching pupils has received a mixed response .
Firstly , being at schools with lots of other children in a class develops your social skills , but learning at home makes you lose contact with others .
When you do the lessons , you have nobody to chat to about them .
Also , being regularly on the computer is a way to damage your eyesight .
Electronic gadgets are bad for our eye .
Some individuals might even become computer addicts due to the time they spend on their PC .
Let 's see .... 6 and a quarter hours of school plus an extra 30 minutes for homework ..... that is 6 and three quarters hours on the computer .
That is more than a quarter of the time in a day !
It 'll be even more if the student plays games or does something else on the PC .
Next , there has been a sudden rise in obesity because of this new project .
Travelling to school at least includes 1 kilometer of walking , whereas staying at home doing work on your PC makes you less active and healthy .
Schools provide you with healthy food whereas we 'll just eat anything we want at home .
Finally , I personally disagree with cyberschool .
It 's unhealthy and dangerous .
Cyberschool are n't interested in health and safety issues !
Now that they were back home , Paulina found out that her mom was in town , so by instinct she decided to go and visit her , as well her brother , who had been avoiding her because she taunted him by being in love with his best friend . They were n't together anymore , but that was such a devastating thing .
Genuinely , she knew , that begging him was n't enough , so going to their old house as a surprise would at least give her the chance to confront him instead of making a fuss about it . Despite this insignificant trick , she knew her mom would be really happy to see her daughter .
She called Jimmy and told him where she was going , but Jimmy did n't answer , since he was at work , so she left a voice message .
The condition of public transport is getting worse day by day .
There are only a limited number of government buses on the road and their frequency is not good , so they get overcrowded .
People board these buses out of compulsion , as they have to reach their office on time .
On the other hand , the metro service is a good means of transportation ; it goes under the road , so you do n't get traffic .
The waiting time is minimal ; you get a train every 3 to 5 minutes .
The fare for a metro train is almost equal to the other means of transport .
The only flaw of the metro service is its unavailability in remote areas .
After a few kilometers , you will find a bus stop , but metro stations are built only in major areas .
So , even if you travel by metro , you have to take a bus or car to reach your destination , unless it is located near a metro station .
People who are rich prefer to travel in their own cars as they can take any route and drive as per their convenience .
On public transport , many people do n't get a seat and have to stand throughout the journey . It is very exhausting , especially on a long journey .
While in a private vehicle , you can sit comfortably and enjoy your journey .
If we take out the cost factor , there is not a single reason for anyone to travel on public transport .
Many crimes such as pickpocketing , eve teasing , violence , etc take place on public transport .
It has been an easy target for terrorists to plant bombs , so if you are traveling on a bus , you accept the risk .
Not everyone can afford a car , so public transport will be here in the future as well , but fewer people will use it .
Recent graduate vs. experienced worker
Our company is a small and based company which has worked in the same field for almost 50 years .
One of our seniors workers will retire in a month and therefore , as I 'm in charge of the Human Resources department , I have to start the search for a new employee .
Hiring a new employee is not an easy job .
It is a commonly held view that an experienced worker will facilitate the search of .
However , I would like to review another option , such hiring a recent graduate from a renowned university .
Any experienced worker would bring a sense of calm , steadiness , wisdom , commitment and experience , of course .
He would contribute his life experience , and he would ask for better working conditions such as salary , family time , and health insurance .
However , a recent graduate will be keen to accumulate knowledge and fearless of trying a different approach .
In my opinion , recent graduates are ambitious , without prejudices , and most of them are not family people as yet .
Their lives are focused on their careers .
In conclusion , I would say that a recent graduate would be a great asset for our company as they will accomplish our targets .
Nowadays , many young people use more and more social networks to speak to each other .
However , it can have a bad effect on their lives .
What disadvantages does it have ?
Firstly , it is true that they have similar relationships to those we had many years ago .
The only difference is that they use different resources to keep in touch , such as emails and messages , instead of writing letters , which took a long time to arrive .
In fact , it can help them to speak with their friends more easily .
There is a strong argument for believing these resources could harm their writing skills .
While it is true that social networks help shy people to make new friends , it is also true that young people write their messages with abbreviations .
After doing this regularly , they tend to have problems at school because they start to write incorrectly .
There is another problem which relates to safety .
Generally , young people do n't have any problems with posting their personal photos on the Internet .
They also publish their conversations on the internet .
But when they do this , they expose a lot of details about themselves , details that everyone can see , especially strangers .
In conclusion , I think that social networks can constitute a big problem , especially for people who are not aware of what dangers there are on the internet .
Dear Ann ,
I 'm so happy to hear you 're coming to visit me !
Now I will explain to you how to reach my home from the airport .
After leaving the airport , you have to take the number 14 bus and you have to get off at the third bus stop .
Next , you can take the bus which takes you to Chiari .
In Chiari you have to get off at the train station .
You surely remember that place because , the last time you came , you told me that it was the worst train station you 've ever been to .
There you 'll find me waiting for you .
In May the weather is usually sunny , but in the evening it could be colder than during the day .
If you do n't want to catch a cold , you should bring a jacket and some trousers .
Let me know the exact date of your arrival .
I look forward to seeing you to spend this month together .
Best wishes ,
Emma
Dear Maria ,
I am glad to hear that you are interested in visiting Brazil next summer .
I suggest that you visit a village in the south of Bahia called " Taipus de Fora " .
It is a little village where you can experience a different culture , find local handicrafts , eat good food and enjoy beautiful beaches .
It is a good place to spend your holiday and a perfect place to rest .
Near " Taipus " , you could visit " Barra Grande " , where you can see the sunset at " Ponta do Mutá " and eat seafood overlooking the bay .
Television currently occupies a very important role in entertainment . However , one of the problems that society has faced since television became popular is that it is a distractor in education .
It is believed there are ways to make TV able to help educate .
There are educational programs and channels which transmit good documentaries , but most people prefer other types of programs , such as cartoons , soap operas and soccer matches .
In addition , many of the educational programs are not transmitted by broadcast television and people without cable systems have no access to these .
So TV could become a useful tool in the educational process if more effort was put into this , from the television programming to the preference of society .
It is argued that whether the government or teachers have the right to determine what subjects should be taught in schools .
In my opinion , although there are some advantages if teachers are responsible for this task , I believe that the government is more suitable to lead this mission .
There are two main advantages of teachers deciding what subjects are taught in schools .
Firstly , each teacher would be able to teach courses according to their own expertise , which would lead to more advanced and high - quality teaching .
Secondly , teachers can select subjects that are more useful for local culture .
However , what students learned might be biased to certain aspects .
And it would be difficult to examine students ' ability on a national scale .
Moreover , not all teachers have the ability to design a high - quality course curriculum .
If the decision is made by central authorities , the most obvious advantage is that the assessment of students ' grades could be standardized throughout the whole country .
For example , a fair grade judging system is essential in a Joint College Entrance Examination .
Although some drawbacks may exist when this task is determined by the central authorities , a committee comprising experts in different disciplines could minimize these drawbacks .
In conclusion , while there are advantages and disadvantages of both central authorities and teachers leading this task , I prefer the government to do so .
Nowadays , a lot of people say that friends are the family that you choose .
In my opinion , it 's true , although family is a very important part of your life and you have to take care of it .
On the one hand , friends are like a family because you live together a lot of experiences and adventures .
They are essential to share secrets or anything .
It is very important that you choose genuine friends .
It is better to be alone than in bad company .
On the other hand , family is very important .
Not only because they than taken at world but also they always tell the truth .
Not just what you want to hear .
They want better for you , and they will always be by your side .
In conclusion , so family and friends are very necessary in your life .
It is important to take care every moment at his side .
If you feel love , share it ! Every day may be the last .
Both texts contribute different approaches to the music industry .
Accordingly , the first one considers whether the industry has been affected by file sharing , whereas the second analyses the success of live performance in the present technological era .
The first text asserts that file sharing benefits new artists and offers listeners a wide choice of styles , despite the fact that it is believed that file sharing is detrimental to the music industry .
Additionally , the writer suggests that it has some potential which can be used by the CD industry .
The second text assesses the attraction of concerts despite the present high quality of recorded music , and suggests that the reasons for the success may be the communal experience and its offer of different songs and performances that make the live performance an unforgettable experience .
As a matter of fact , I agree 100% with both texts .
Regarding file sharing , in my view , the music industry should adapt to new technologies and new habits of users .
On the other hand , personally speaking , I 've always been amazed by the attraction of concerts for large audiences . Therefore , in my opinion , the second text offers good reasons to explain this phenomenon .
Hi Peter !
I was really pleased to receive your email .
I 'm very excited about your arrival in Santa Cruz next week . I 'll give you some advice about awesome places to visit .
The weather in Santa Cruz is boiling this season , so you should bring light clothing .
The first place you could visit is FEXPOCRUZ . You will be astounded by the gorgeous girls and the fascinating business you can get there .
I remember that you are fascinated by nature , so you could go to Guembe to eat delicious typical food . You will see an amazing view and a lot of kinds of tiny butterfly , there are amount of variety .
Santa Cruz is growing every year and now it is the biggest city in Bolivia and I like living here .
If you want to go sightseeing downtown and enjoy the nightlife , I know a fun place where we can dance and drink a lot .
You will not regret visiting Santa Cruz .
If you need more information about this city , let me know .
I 'm waiting for you ,
very best wishes ,
Mirtha
My favourite sport
I think my favourite sports are cycling and swimming in summer or spring and skiing in winter .
Why these sports ?
Because I can cycle and swim almost anytime , I might say in every season .
That 's the main reason I love them .
When it 's cold , I always go to a covered swimming pool , and when the weather is warm or hot and the sun is shining , I always go to a reservoir .
As for cycling in winter , I would n't do it because , in my opinion , it is quite dangerous .
The roads can be frozen .
And skiing .
That 's one of the possibilities which and I can do in winter when I want to be outside , instead of walking or snowboarding .
But I like it because I go to the mountains with my friends every year and we always have a lot of fun and that 's a great time for each of us .
I think it has more positives than negatives . I do something for myself because I 'm in the fresh air and I do some exercise for my body .
And more , I have an opportunity to meet new people .
Maybe one of my best friends in the future .
On the other hand , I might get a cold and a temperature or something like that .
But I can manage it .
Casar de Cáceres , Feeds Smiles .
Casar de Cáceres is located in the north of Cáceres . You can see a lot of amazing things in this spectacular village .
Walking around the mysterious streets can be a great experience . We can find some really nice people , including pilgrims crossing the village every day following the historic path of the Via de la Plata , which is located in Casar .
Discover this beautiful town with the five senses :
Watching the sunset between the humble houses and four chapels , one in each of the cardinal points , dedicated to Santiago , San Bartolomé , Los Mártires and La Soledad .
You can smell and taste the gastronomic delights that are on offer , such as the stunning Torta del Casar with denomination of origin .
Finally , you are able to hear and feel the nature and peace that you can find in this paradise .
Come to visit !
Mari Paz Sanabria Montez .
2º ADE - TURISMO
Owning a car certainly makes trips faster and easier .
Many drivers regard travelling by car as a future means to travel which helps people save a lot of time .
However , others believe that public transport is better , due to the fact that public transport is environmentally friendly .
To my mind , there is a promising future for public transport .
It is a known fact that travelling by car is less green than by travelling public transport .
In present - day society , sustainable development is of paramount importance as our environment is being destroyed at a fast rate .
Using public transport helps save resources such as fuel and electricity .
If people insist on travelling by car , they are , in fact , producing greenhouse gases which are given out by their cars .
It is definitely not environmentally friendly .
To preserve our environment , taking public transport is a must and a global trend in the future .
All in all , public transport should be an indispensable part of our future plan , because we have to protect our beautiful environment . Travelling by car , although much more convenient , is never a clever choice for the betterment of our future society because of serious environmental issues .
Public transport is still a vital part of society and should remain as it is .
If everyone started using a car for traveling , there would n't be enough road for everyone as there are seven billion people in the world , and even for the environment it is better to use cars as little as possible .
On top of that , fuel consumption would be too high as we have limited availability of fuel resources .
The government and public bodies should start thinking about it , and to save society public transport is best .
Certain age groups wo n't be able to drive a car , so they definitely need public transport .
I can understand the use of public transport is decreasing nowadays , but there is still a future for it .
Everyone should think about it because it is really vital for society ; and especially the international bodies should do something about it to motivate people to use public transport as much as possible .
So , in summary , to save the environment , to make the roads accessible to everyone , public transport should be used and we should all try to educate people about the importance of public transport .
Michael was a 25-year - old man .
He was very handsome and many girls wished him to become their boyfriend .
But he did n't want any girls because he loved only Jessica .
Jessica was 21 years old .
She was his neighbour and they had loved each other from when they were young .
They lived in a small town in Massachusetts .
But one day she decided to take off for Australia to visit some relatives .
He asked Jessica to let him go with her , but she did n't agree , because before marrying him , she wanted to try to see if their love could hold out against everything , including distance .
So she packed her luggage and she came to say goodbye to him .
He was very angry , so he said to her : " If you leave , do n't come back to me , ever . "
She was disappointed and tried to explain her thinking to him , but he did n't want to understand her reasons .
He was afraid of losing her and he did n't want to try to trust her and their love .
" If you think so , go away , forever ! " told Michael .
Jessica did n't answer , but she looked at him for the last time as she walked away .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Shopping guide for tourists .
If I were a tourist , I would like to have a great shopping guide with an enormous variety of shops .
This way , I could choose the one which I prefer .
Then , I would make the next recommendation .
Souvenirs store .
When somebody travels , that person wants never to forget the place he has visited .
Then it is very important to go to this store and choose an object that makes you remember the most exciting day of the trip , a gorgeous monument you have seen , ...
Fashion store .
Usually , girls can not spend many days without going shopping and buying some clothes .
These girls could go to an outlet which is near to the art gallery .
There , you can find all the styles of clothes that you can imagine .
Therefore , you will be assessed politely .
Sports store .
This shop is loved by the most sporty people in the town .
If you are like them , it will raise your eyebrows due to the huge variety of sports equipment you will see .
Nevertheless , the sports store is a little expensive .
To sum up , in this town you can find all sorts of shops .
However , these three are the most visited by tourists , so they will not disappoint you .
Some people say that there is no future for public transport .
They argue that a large number of people prefer travelling in private transport , because it is more comfortable and convenient .
But is it true ?
Travelling by car can give you a certain status and make you feel more independent , besides the comfort and convenience .
However , I believe public transport is still very important in our society and has a bright future .
Firstly , travelling by bus or on other public transport , such as the underground , helps us to decrease the emission of exhaust which causes pollution and global warming .
Secondly , we all know that public transport is cheaper than private transport .
And last but not the least , public transport is much safer than private transport , because it transports many more people , and so , there is more caution .
Detoxification , a method people often use to lose weight , has not been proved by science .
People think that it is a common and effective way , but I believe , since there is no scientific evidence , it should not be brought to the weight - loss process .
In fact , some people just understand one aspect of this method , that is to say , they have applied the wrong method .
Take as an example of this , that some teenagers drink detox water instead of eating meals for three or four days in order to lose weight quickly .
However , the method has brought some unexpected results due to their wrong understanding .
In fact , some deaths have been caused by bringing detoxification to the weight - loss process , because they follow the majority without carefully considering .
Generally speaking , the method has not been demonstrated to work by scientists , so it is better to avoid it in order not to have some unexpected consequences .
Film stars and politicians are interesting to people because of their talents and special abilities .
Of course , people want to know some facts about the personal lives of famous people , but often , stars do n't like it when journalists try to get into their lives .
On the one hand , famous people try to hide their lives from journalists .
In everyday life , the internet has become one of the most important things and it is becoming more and more influential .
On the one hand , I would like to talk about the fact that , with the help of the internet , we can easily stay in touch with any of our friends .
There are community sites like Facebook , which have a built - in messenger .
This messenger can help us to chat with our friends without meeting them .
On the other hand , though , people can become anti - social , just because of the lack of real face - to - face meetings .
On the other hand , with the internet , we can follow the news and current affairs very quickly and we do not have to wait for the news on the television , and we do not have to buy newspapers .
It is more time efficient and , in my opinion , it is easier .
However , this news can be false .
Last but not least , the internet is for fun .
There are a lot of funny websites which can put you in a good mood .
In conclusion , the internet has pros and cons , but it can be very useful and fun to use .
Gnadenthal is a very small village consisting of almost only one single drivable road , which is not famous for its size , though .
What is really special about this little village is the Christian brotherhood who have been living there more than 1000 years .
That is probably the reason why the local conditions are still similar to the ones of the Middle Ages , apart from some infrastructural improvements that made diseases like plaque obsolete .
The few houses themselves are set around a very old Romanesque church , which is bordered by a traditional farmyard for raising sheep and cows .
Nearby , fields growing vegetables can be visited which have never been altered by any modern machine but only by the power of hand and cattle .
Gnadenthal is exceptionally suitable for people who want to take some time off from their hard and stressful daily life in order to find calmness and to think about themselves in a way of their character .
Since there is no chance for any distractions because of the missing digital infrastructure , any guest will experience a four - day visit the same as a four - week journey in the usual western world .
This enables him to get used to the traditional way of life of a monk .
In addition to the farm work , living in a society of trust in each other is essential for these people .
By conserving this place , the opportunity to gather a great amount of psychological enrichment is conserved , too .
Hi bro , What s up there ? .I'm going to recommend you to give up sport . As I told you too many times , sport is bad for your health . It makes you to be all day with legs or arms broken or something like that , and music improves and stimulates your brain and intelligence .
But also , I told you that if you are very good at sports , you might get a grant for your studies , which will be worth it , so I do n't know . In my opinion , I would continue with the music if you are good at it because it is better for your brain , but also , sports can relax you and make you disconnect , so if I were you , I would think about it and compare which of them you like more or which makes you feel better or relax more or just makes you laugh or have a good time .
Well , that is my opinion . I will ask some friends about it and I will try to write you another letter in a few days to help you more . Also , if you have another problem , do n't forget to ask me for help , please . I will help you with all you want .
See you my Nigga !
Nowadays , my favourite sport is running .
Generally , it seems a modest sport or simple hobby , but it permits me to meet more and more people along the urban streets who do jogging too .
Then you realise that running is a way of life , a healthy way of life .
So , I enjoy running alone or with friends , because this sport has a lot of possibilities , more than I thought when I started to run after finishing High School .
At the beginning , I had a flatmate who loved cycling and running , even in a city like Madrid .
Therefore , we went out at night after university classes and we preferred soft soil paths to pavement .
Later , I had more roommates , colleagues and partners even who did this sport , which is among the most fashionable ones at the moment .
Moreover , the races are masser and masser and more and more popular .
But , for beginners , I would suggest a lot of patience and persistence , and practising with company because running can be boring , tiring , dangerous even , but if you have a strong spirit and willpower , you 'll see how you can reduce your physical and mental weaknesses .
Keeping up one 's fitness is an important thing for everyone .
There are many kinds of sport and my favourite is Karate .
Karate is not just a sport .
It 's also a teacher in my life .
Karate makes me strong and lets me know how to face something I was scared of before .
I enjoy it and got achievability from it .
Through the practice of Karate , I really understand myself .
The practice of Karate helps me overcome many difficult things on my learning journey .
If you want to try it ,
Karate is not a difficult sport .
It 's an easy and a healthy sport .
It is just like playing a game .
Open your mind , do n't be chicken , and you 'll find different one about you !
Public Transport with no Future
Even though there have been many efforts to make people use their cars less , we have to admit that this battle is already lost .
Since most of these public transport amenities have been remedial rather than something planned when foreseeing future problems , they have only been of limited help and , therefore , they have only worked for some time .
This has resulted in only very needy people using public transport , and the vast majority of people still use their personal automobile , with inconveniences and safety being the excuse .
Indeed , using public transport is not only unsafe and uncomfortable , but also unhealthy .
One ca n't imagine how many germs ( viruses included ) are on a hand rail waiting for a skin to rush in .
Just thinking of it makes me crazy .
So , little by little , and as the economic conditions of people improve , public transport will eventually disappear .
First , I have to admit that I hate all kinds of sports , because I know I 'm not good at them .
In the past , I tried to play basketball , tennis , ping pong and so on , but the outcome made me depressed and less confident .
However , after I came to New Zealand , I found a special sport which does n't need any ability ; hiking .
The biggest benefit of hiking is that you can enjoy fantastic views from the summit of mountains .
Also , you are able to choose a place to go depending on how you feel .
Especially in New Zealand , there are some beautiful islands and you can get to them by ferry easily .
If you are interested in hiking , you should buy waterproof clothes , just in case .
If you do so , you do n't have to be worried about bad weather any more .
Do n't forget to take some water as well .
In some places , you will have difficulty finding it .
To conclude , hiking is one of the most enjoyable sports , even for people who do n't like sports , like me .
Let 's start hiking as soon as possible , otherwise you will miss the opportunity to see fabulous scenery .
During the last decades , the number of cars used in big cities has increased steadily . Proportionally , air pollution and deaths associated with traffic accidents have also increased .
One way to reduce those negative consequences is to foster the use of public transport .
However , there is a great debate about whether this is really a good solution .
Public transport is a more efficient way of using energy .
It moves more people per liter of oil used and pollutes a small fraction of the amount it would have if every passenger had traveled using individual cars .
However , public transport lacks some advantages only found when using our own car .
Instead of taking your seat directly home , you need to go to a more or less distant place in order to take public transport and wait for the time it is scheduled to arrive .
This action has to be repeated when you get off of the bus or train at the end of your journey .
One thing which we can be sure of is that the world is changing but public transport existed in the past and will exist in the future .
The first point which I would like to mention is cost .
You need to spend a lot of money if you want to buy a car , if you want to insurance it and use it .
Cars are n't cheap and if you think that it is easier to move from one place to another when you have a car , you have got a point , but there are a lot of considerations which you should occur like gas , insurance or parking costs .
Moreover , you should think about comfort during the trip .
When you drive by the car , you have to focus on the road , you need to think about what could happen , what the other drivers want to do and which way you should choose .
That could be frustrating , especially when you have a long journey and you need to spend long hours driving .
Finally , the word convenient means something different for everyone .
For one person it would be option that you have a car which is parked along your road or on your driveway and at any time you can go wherever you want , for the other , it would be a pleasure that they could enjoy the trip without thinking about any car issues . They are faitfull that they could meet some new people and take part in others ' lives .
I 'm in class 4B at Liceo Darwin in Rivoli .
Being there has some advantages and disadvantages .
I can start by saying something about the advantages : we are not just classmates but we are friends .
Many of us hang out together during weekends and we have become a group , like me and my other three close friends , but also my " best friend " .
We usually meet three times a year all together to eat a pizza in the city center .
Another advantage could be the teachers : they are quite strict sometimes , but they make us study harder and that is not so easy to do with teenagers .
But the most important one is that if you are too bored or tired you can look out over a great view of Turin or mountains from a classroom ' s window .
But there are some disadvantages , like stairs because we are on the second floor . We would like to keep fit but we have to use too many stairs to reach our classroom and that 's so annoying sometimes .
We share the floor with another school and it has a different timetable and the bell rings 10 minutes before and it makes me confused , but I really like 4B and I would n't change it .
Are they the best invention ? : Cars
At the start of the 20th century , almost nobody had a car .
Nowadays , almost everyone has a car !
But is this a good thing or a bad thing ?
Cars can be useful for several reasons .
Firstly , they allow us to travel fast by road , mostly to the exact place we want to go .
Furthermore , travelling by car is a very comfortable way of travelling .
For instance , we can use the car 's radio to listen to some relaxing music , or listen to the news while making our way to the place we want to go to .
As you may be concerned , cars are very useful but they also have some disadvantages .
Nowadays , people depend on them too much .
Cars are used even when not necessary .
In addition , cars have been increasing the world 's carbon emissions and that causes the ' Ozone Layer ' to thin down .
Finally , for our cars to work , we need to fill them with fuel , which is expensive .
To sum up , cars have advantages but , on the other hand , they can also create problems .
In my opinion , cars are one of the best and most useful inventions .
Unfortunately , we should be careful with the way we use them .
Hi Jo ,
I 'm really happy to hear from you again .
You gave me fantastic news saying you are coming next year !
You 've chosen the best country for attending university .
Italy is well regarded for its education .
Travelling could be a good way to improve your language and to get to know Italy better .
You should definitely visit Rome and Florence !
These are both amazing because they are full of history ; in the first one you can still see Roman monuments , while Florence offers lots of Medieval churches .
Maybe you 'll choose to attend university in one of these cities !
Italy offers lots of work opportunity during summertime .
It is a tourist country , you could work as a waiter in my city .
Tell me exactly when you will arrive as soon as possible !
All the best ,
Grazia
Adam was twelve years old , a clever boy in his school , always got the top marks and participated in most activities , and known to all the teachers and students .
He also played in the school football team and beat the state club .
Despite all these things , Adam was lonely and had no friends in school or in Abbeywood Street in Queensland , where he lived in Australia , and Adam was very annoyed about that , and what made it worse , was that a boy called Johnny had insulted him and Adam did n't want to have a fight with him .
Two weeks later , Adam began to make some friends , but unfortunately , they were n't very good friends . They used to cause trouble and did n't do their homework on time . The boys were Fernando and Louis . They were in their seventh year in school , like Adam .
The math teacher in school , Mr Michael , was a very good teacher who took care of children in school .
He realized Adam 's marks were getting lower and he was involved in some trouble in school and began to investigate him .
In the final exam , Mr Michael caught Adam cheating and informed the school 's manager , who suspended Adam from all other exams and forced him to repeat the year .
As a matter of fact , Mr Michael should have provided some advice for Adam when his marks got lower , but he did n't , and the consequences were very bad , so Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
I live in a big city , the capital of Spain , so there are different modes of transport .
I prefer to use the train or the tube , because they are punctual and because there are signs where you can see the time less .
Also , every three or four minutes , you can get on the train .
There are buses too , but I do not like them . Depending on the dot , there are traffic problems and you have to wait a long time at a bus stop .
I am from a small island where there is only one mode of transport : the bus .
I am from a small town and I have to wait one hour to go to the city center .
It is awful if you do not have private transport .
I propose using fewer cars .
I know this is not easy , but there is an ecological and cheap mode of transport : the bicycle .
For short distances , it is a good way to do exercise and to avoid polluting .
Of course , it is not a solution for long distances , but step by step , the traffic problems will improve .
For almost the entire duration of " Now you see me " , I was confused .
But let me tell you that I was confused in the best way , not because it was rather wacky but because happenend unexpected .
There 's no question that this film by director Louis Leterrier is the most original and thought - provoking story I have seen in recent years .
In fact , it was a box - office hit when it was released and the film went on to gross over 350 million .
The plot revolves around an FBI squad who face , in a game of cat and mouse , a team composed of the four best illusionists .
They are called " The Four Horsemen " .
They carried out a series of daring robberies against corrupt business leaders during their performances , sharing out the stolen money with their audiences .
As far as the storyline is concerned , I have to say that the film is really fast - moving .
Regarding the acting , taking into account that it is a big - budget film , there is not much to say .
It is fairly well played by actors , such as Jesse Eisenberg and Morgan Freeman , who play their roles perfectly , making the film light - hearted .
If I have to stand out any weakness I would say that is a bit predictable .
Let me explain it .
As it is a movie related to magic tricks , when a sequence is played and it seems simple and easily understandable , you know that , in fact , it is not .
If you do n't like films that make you think , this film is not for you .
On the other hand , if you are looking for a film that is extremely gripping and can keep you guessing , it 's definitely the right choice for you .
We must reduce exam stress for high school students .
Exam stress leads to many bad consequences for high school students .
These consequences vary . One example would be that students may get lower grades in their exams , or even fail them .
They can also have constant mood changes and high levels of nervousness , since they may have lost many hours of sleep whilst studying for a certain exam .
As a result , many high school students may not concentrate during classes , or whilst studying , since they have many things going through their heads ( since they 've been studying a lot ) .
Based on all the problems listed ( and many more ) , we must find solutions that will help both students and teachers to deal with exam stress .
One of the solutions I would give is to hand out study guides to the students .
This will help them as a way to study or revise for the exam and reduce their levels of stress .
The study guide does n't necessarily need to be a long and complex one ( since those may cause them stress too ) ; they may be just a quick review with a couple of concepts and exercises .
Another simple solution I think could help is to study as well as to revise content during sessions before a certain exam , to help the students study whilst still having a class .
The above are the best possible solutions I would address in order to stop once and for all the problem of stress thanks to exams , which in most cases , as the previous paragraph explained , leads to many more problems .
When I was a child I used to spend thousands of hours playing football , anywhere I could .
I always dreamt of becoming a great player , playing in a crowded stadium , people clapping their hands looking at what I did with the ball .
When I grew up , I realized sooner than later , that I would never be either a good or a bad player , and they said that I was one of the worst players that ever lived .
Then I decided to study engineering and become one of the best engineers ever .
Long after that , because I had such a natural talent at engineering , I began to write books and essays about everything related to my job .
Life is becoming bigger and bigger .
Today , you need more than you needed yesterday .
People are looking for a comfortable , easy life .
We are all looking for that without great difficulty or effort and one way to achieve this goal is to study abroad .
Many students today like to study abroad to get a high standard of living , to get their life job and experience a new way of life .
Studying abroad can enhance employment opportunities .
Companies are looking for well - educated people with good experience to hire and students are more likely to suit their choices .
With your certificate , you can easily find a job .
Universities are also a rich place for big opportunities to get there if you have studied abroad .
You can work at a university as a lecturer and get a high salary .
Students who go to study in another country experience variety of life .
They meet new people and make friends with students from different countries .
They try new food in completely different places .
They can explore cities at weekends or during academic breaks .
They learn how to do everything by themselves and become independent .
To sum up , studying abroad is a great chance to get a great job as you have higher education with much more experience .
Moreover , you can learn many things and expand your knowledge , and have friends from different backgrounds .
Dear Paco ,
Hi !
How are you ?
Do you remember our arrangement ?
By February we 'll have finished our exams and we 'll have more free time .
For that reason we 're going to put our names down at the gym and the swimming pool .
Also , on Tuesday and on Friday we wo n't have class and we will be able to go running and cycling .
Besides , I 've a big surprise . Apart from remembering our agreement , my father is taking up hiking with his friends and he has invited us to join them .
What do you think ? We could go on Sunday morning .
Anyway , what about having lunch on Saturday and speaking about it quietly ?
Answer me soon
Best wishes
Julianete
Dear editor
I 'm writing in response to the announcement in International Sports Monthly .
I would like to say that my favourite sport is birdwatching .
I know that this is something strange , but I really enjoy it .
To begin with , I have been interested in birdwatching from when I was young and I want to be a biologist when I grow up .
Birdwatching really relaxes me and brings me closer to nature .
Also , I enjoy being able to recognise the different species of birds .
If someone wants to start birdwatching , I think he should be interested in birdwatching first .
This means that if he does n't like it , he will definitely give up immediately .
So , if someone really wants to birdwatch , he should first know what species of birds there are in the area where he lives .
Then he should buy a pair of binoculars or a telescope .
To sum up , I believe birdwatching is a really exciting sport but you must like it to start it .
Sports or hobbies could be great options as new activities to plan at my college . However , I believe there are others which could be provided for us and it would be interesting to take part in .
Do n't you know what to say in the presence of a huge audience ?
Are you nervous when you have to speak in public ?
The new activity which I have thought could be organised and could have success is called " The Club of discussion " .
It lets us improve our listening and speaking skills .
In addition , it could be interesting , although you do n't have to do physical activity , because your ability to edit a speech , support an idea , have connected speech will be improved by this kind of activity .
What 's more , it does n't require a specific place to take place in , it could be tried anywhere .
I think that the allure of this activity is that you can meet a lot of people and share with them that experience .
Moreover , I think that it should become a reality , because the field of the activity is so broad and it could be useful in other plenty scope , even in your daily routine .
In conclusion , making a speech contributes to our social relationships and it allows us to define our personality .
I think that my college should provide an activity which is focused on the social abilities and teaches you how you should speak in front of a multitude , and why not could be this ?
Dear Lucky ,
Thanks for your latest letter .
I am glad to hear that everything is OK with you .
I am very grateful that you will help me with searching for some information about colleges in England .
Actually , I am interested in science , especially the area between chemistry and physics .
Also , I 'm interested in tuition which refers to biology and the influence of different kinds of chemical compounds on the human body .
You know that I learnt biotechnology at school in Bulgaria .
Please , check for me which colleges provide these subjects and when they start .
I want to know if a grant is available .
If so , what are the criteria for giving it .
Last , but not least , what is the fee ? I want to find a college which is not too expensive .
Thanks a lot for your support !
Write to me as soon as possible .
Best wishes ,
Niki
.
Customer satisfaction is much greater when the customer gets service which has value or quality much greater than expected .
If service only meets expectations and does not provide anything more than them , that means customer satisfaction is there , but the customer will not feel great .
If service is not meeting the expectations of the customer or its quality is just below what is expected , it causes customer dissatisfaction .
This will result in consequences such as negative feedback .
In this context , it can be concluded that 78% of the respondents are satisfied with both the customer service of builders and the results of Vasthu .
The rest of the respondents gave positive feedback .
The factors which hinder other respondents from giving very positive feedback may be either dissatisfaction caused by customer service or failure of Vashtu 's results ' failure to meet their expectations .
I like watching movies a lot .
It is one of my favourite free time activities .
I like all kinds of movies . Comedies always make me laugh and I like that .
Also , I rest from the routine while watching them . I can relax and just watch , laugh and talk to my friends .
Another reason why I like comedies is that there is a wide variety of this kind if movie .
You can choose what you want to watch .
Personally , I watch a comedy movie almost every evening .
It makes my mood better and I fall asleep while watching it .
I respond to the article " White House calls for ' genuine choice ' in Hong Kong elections after petition attracts 200,000 signatures " on SCMP .
I feel sad and angry to know that 200,000 Hong Kong people support this website .
They are short - sighted and it seems that they are brain - washed by radical democracy thinking .
People who signed the website were colluding with foreign powers to suppress our own country , China .
I think this is a traitor 's action .
They do not have basic loyalty to their own country .
Using foreign powers to threaten China is a kind of unwise act .
Hong Kongers , being Chinese , should not inhibit our own country , with other countries .
In fact , China will not be moved by this , and this will aggravate the contradiction between Hong Kong , China and the US .
China has the power and freedom to decide the way to settle the dispute .
The US and other countries should not disrupt it .
It is better not to interfere in internal political affairs when they do not know lots about China 's political conditions .
The US is really a busybody .
As we all know , Occupying Central is illegal .
The US is supporting this illegal activity indirectly .
The US always keep " rule by law " as their catchphrase , but Occupying Central is disobeying Hong Kong law .
So it is very strange for the US to say " rule by law " when they support Occupying Central .
In Occupying Wall Street , the US did not seem to be much more peaceful than the Tiananmen Massacre .
According to Wiki encyclopedia , the FBI called the occupiers " terrorists " and decided to suppress the dispute as if dealing with a terrorist attack .
So the US has no qualification to criticize China .
Apart from this , the presidential election in the US is full of unfairness .
I do not know if there is a filter for presidential candidates . I just know that the ballots are counted by states .
There are different numbers of residents in different states , but it uses the states to represent the residents . I do not think the election is fair enough for the US to ask for " real democracy " for Hong Kong .
Is the US really target to get Hong Kong into a democracy area ?
I think not , but a democracy " country " .
After Hong Kong gets " real democracy " , the US will drive Hong Kong to be independent .
The US always targets dividing China into many small , weak countries , then it can break up one of its competitors .
And it can even occupy the broken China to get interest in it .
Let us look at countries that the US introduced " democracy " to .
Egypt , Iraq , Libya , Syria . There was chaos instead of " democracy " everywhere , and the next might be Hong Kong .
I am afraid that Occupying Central will lead to chaos similar to the Tunisian Revolution .
The signature collection by the White House has now ended .
China has not take any further action .
I really hope Hong Kongers that signed the website will think again about what they were doing and how harmful it is to China .
And I really think the US should stop picking on China .
Learning many ideas and knowing detailed facts are both considered crucial for students ' education .
Some people think that knowing facts is easier and more practical .
Nevertheless , others consider learning ideas and concepts to be the best way to deal with many academic and real - life problems .
l completely agree with the idea that it is important for students to learn ideas and concepts rather than learn facts .
I would like to explain my reasons .
First , learning facts can help students to solve one kind of problem that they may face .
However , ideas and concepts give people a competitive edge when dealing with other similar issues .
For example , I do n't grasp an idea that my teacher has explained in class , but just remember the facts .
When I do my homework , I find the problem is different than in the case discussed in the class .
But , if I go back to my textbook and try to realize ideas and concepts ,
I work out the problem easily .
From this experience , I learn that I should not just remember facts , but should try my best to understand ideas and concept .
Thus , I can solve many kinds of problem simply .
Second , learning ideas and concepts supports self - education significantly .
Consequently , you can reach high academic levels .
It is easy to find out facts from people around you .
However , learning ideas and concepts needs more investigation and understanding from many of the academic textbooks .
Nowadays , there is limited time for any teacher to cover all points on a certain subject .
When students grasp the idea of any topic it will be easy to understand all issues related to it deeply .
For instance , when I was in senior year in high school ,
I took physics class .
There were masses of materials on a specific issue , but I tried my best to grasp its notion and that made me recognize any unmentioned points .
In summary , absorbing ideas and facts is the most effective strategy .
Not only do students learn more in their studies , but also it helps students understand many facts in our lives better than any other way .
If you ask me , who the person is who I admire the most ,
I would say you are talking about my father .
He is so brilliant ; he speaks three languages , plays several instruments , and most important of all , he is a man of remarkable principles .
When he was younger , he worked for the government , but he had to quit because of the corruption .
He always wanted to have his own business . He used to say , if you work for somebody you are part of the problem , but if you hire people to work for you , you are part of the solution , so if you want to be successful , be your own boss .
He has travelled a lot . He knows Barcelona , London , Paris , Stockholm , Miami and so many places .
He taught me my basic English , to play tennis , to play the guitar , to dance , to sing and I could go on .
So , if I can end my days having been a little bit like him , the work will be done and I will be able to say I have been a good father , just like him .
When I try to create in dreams the home of the future , the first thing which I have in mind is new technology . In my opinion , homes in the future have to be different . This is connected with our society and development .
To begin with , I consider that many homes which will be created in the future must have robots .
A lot of them .
They are designed to do all things related to housework .
In general , houses could have open space , a lot of windows and light everywhere .
And one of the most important things for me , new homes should fly in the sky .
In my opinion , inside they will still look the same , maybe with more technology connected with new inventions .
One of the most impressive solutions will be swimming pools in the sky , near area .
All in all , future houses will look more like airplanes , and less like normal homes .
They will be more comfortable and useful for our community .
It was a sunny day and I was with my friends at the beach .
Because it was our first day in the Algarve , we decided to explore a bit more of the area .
We picked up our things and started to walk .
The first thing to visit , according to the map , was the Albufeira center .
We found very cosy and traditional houses , the market was very popular , with a lot of people walking around , and the people were very nice to us .
The next place was a restaurant near the beach .
Near the restaurant , we saw a very strange thing .
We saw a boy drawing my face , but I never saw that boy in all my life .
We decided to go to talk with him .
He started being nervous when we asked where he had seen that girl .
He said that girl that he was drawing was the most beautiful girl that he ever met in his whole life .
He explained that he had seen that girl on the beach .
When he saw me in front of him , he immediately invited me to dinner with him .
Because I had never heard beautiful words like that about me , I accepted the invitation without thinking .
When the night came , I went to the restaurant that he invited me to go to .
I was wearing a short red dress and black shoes .
The boy , Ruben , was wearing a shirt with brown trousers .
The dinner was amazing .
Since then , we have been in touch and now we are dating . I think this is extraordinary .
Ruben is a very cute guy and I do not want to lose him , ever .
When I was younger , I did n't like any sport .
I tried swimming , and I found that so boring .
After that , I signed up for Karate classes , but I did n't like combat sports like that .
But one day , my sports teacher gave me the opportunity to become a basketball player at nine years old .
Since that day , basketball has been my favourite sport .
The main thing which makes me love it is maybe the teamwork , the feeling of unity when you 're in a big team and the sound of the net when the ball goes into the basket . It makes you go to the seventh heaven .
That 's for sure .
Would you like to become a basketball player too ?
All right , I 'm going to give you some advice .
If I were you , I would always remember a tip from Michael Jordan . "
A player can win a game , but only a team can win championships " .
If you remember that , and understand it , you will become a great basketball player .
I 'm sure .
All of us are surrounded by plastic . Plastic is needed for a lot of things in our everyday life .
For this reason , when a woman and her family decided to live a whole month without plastic they had to change their lifestyle .
Nowadays , there are a lot of products which have plastic or they are wrapped in plastic , so it would be difficult to live a whole month without it .
However , this family believed that if they achieved their goal , they would reduce the amount of plastic rubbish .
So they would help to solve a bit the problem for the UK 's recycling system .
This family says that they had to change their diet too , because some of their usual food .
Such us yoghurts , biscuits , etc , was wrapped in plastic .
So I think that from my point of view it could be difficult to follow this lifestyle much more than a couple of months .
There are a lot of products or food , which are needed in our life , and they are made with plastic .
However , I also think that it 's important to be conscious of environmental concerns , so some ideas like this could be good to reduce rubbish .
To sum up , I think that it 's important to know that we should recycle plastic as well as cardboard , glass , etc .
in order to not waste energy .
So , we can use plastic in a responsible way , but we have to know that we should n't take this idea to the extreme because we need plastic .
Witness
I was sitting here alone , six floors up on my little balcony , when I heard shots and saw boys running .
The first thing I thought was that there was a CONFLICT between some people .
And then , I saw something black not moving in the LANDSCAPE of the woods .
I knew a body was lying there and knew it was dead .
A 15-year - old boy , the papers said .
A Bunch of sirens , cops and spinning lights were down there .
I watched till they dragged him away , and then everything went quiet again , as if there was nobody , so I 'm sure the cops will ENFORCE the guy who did this .
I did n't see them till next morning .
I 'm looking down at those woods .
A couple 's coming slowly down Frankstown , walking with a girl by the hand . She has to be the boy 's baby sister .
They pass through Mason 's bar and stop exactly next to the spot where the boy died .
How do they know ?
Then they started to put and REWARD flowers where the boy died .
How did these people find the spot ?
Could they hear my old mind working to guide them , lead them and TREND them and get up out of this damn wheelchair and take them by the hand .
But I was POVERTY , so I could not go and take them .
The guy who killed that boy really needed to have an INCENTIVE to kill him .
That was an unfair death .
If there was a machine that could go back in time , I might be able to save him .
But , unfortunately , we 're not in the future .
The other benefit of living abroad is incredible personal experiences .
When you meet unique people with amazing stories .
For example , you may meet someone who has travelled nonstop in 20 countries and visited most of the countries on the planet .
Therefore , this experience opens you up to different ways of viewing the world which may alter the rest of your life . In addition , it gives your children a much better understanding of other cultures when they attend international schools .
This will change their lives and expand their prospects in the future .
Hello Jo
Congratulations !
You 're very lucky because you have free time to travel and work abroad .
I hope you got a high score at school .
My country , Spain , has a lot of beautiful cities and places to visit .
If you like mountains , you could start your trip in the North , a region called Asturias .
There is a well - known mountain , Lagos de Covadonga .
You could spend some time walking and visiting the region .
There are good meals and drinks : " fabada " ( with beans ) and " sidra " ( it is like apple juice ) .
Near the mountains ( about 20 kilometres ) you can find beaches , but I recommend the beaches in the South , Andalusia .
There are many kilometres of coast and there are a lot of sites and parties to enjoy all the time .
If you come here in February , you will enjoy yourself a lot in Cadiz with the carnival .
If you come in Spring , you have to visit Seville , and you will enjoy Easter Week and Feria week .
Travelling in Spain is easy .
You have many roads , motorways , so you can rent a car and travel by yourself , without a fixed timetable .
But , if you dislike driving , you can use public transport : long distance trains , buses , etc .
Finally , to look for a job , I think the best option is Madrid , which is the capital city , and there you will find a job easily .
I hope you enjoy your trip and see you soon .
Paco
Not unlike most of the world 's sports lovers , I 'm mad about football !
Not just a really competitive game , football is a full mix of art , creativity , dedication , hard work and team work .
Even if you are the best player in the whole world , you always have to play for your team - or else , be ready to be overcome by your foe !
When a very skilled player finds himself in a hostile work environment ( with talented but selfish players who are n't committed to their " team play " ) he tends to lose performance and lack good results in matches .
Sometimes , the real spectacle does n't take place on the pitch , but in its surroundings !
Supporters of traditional clubs can be very passionate .
Usually , when facing tough opponents or decisive matches , they turn the stadium into a really big party in order to intimidate their adversaries ; coloring the benches with flags and jerseys - sometimes building wondrous mosaics to express their delight .
If someone asks me what is the most important thing to start playing ( or even following ) this terrific sport , I 'd say it 's passion for wearing your club 's jersey and respect for your adversaries .
Every country has got its own history .
For years of wars and difficult situations , history was creating people 's beliefs and convictions .
It was creating a culture .
People were building new castles , palaces and churches .
Yes - churches .
I think religion means a lot to people- especially Polish people .
I want to describe the story of the Monastery of Częstochowa .
It 's a city in Poland strongly connected with the dramatic history of our country .
The monastery is situated on a hill .
The icon , depicting the Mother of God with the Christ Child , known as the Black Madonna of Częstochowa was imported from Russia in 1384 . And since then a lot of pilgrims have been visiting that picture .
Some people probably think - there is not anything special - an ordinary picture .
But in the 17th century a miracle happened .
Polish people had to defend Częstochowa and rescue their country . But the Polish resistance was smaller and smaller .
Immediately the fighters of Sweden began to stop attacking a hill .
Polish soldiers managed to repulse them .
In 1656 , the Polish king John II Casmir made the Lwów Oath .
He promised that the Madonna of Częstochowa would always be a Polish queen .
I think it is a perfect example of an important historical place in my country .
I think everybody who lives in Poland must go to Częstochowa .
When you were a child , did you ever ask yourself what you were good at ?
Or were you sure about your favourite sport ?
What are the sports you usually do ?
But , most of all , do you enjoy them ?
Athletes are extremely strong , probably they might fall in love with a sport at first sight .
On the one hand , we have people who live for their sport . On the other hand , there are people who do any sport , indifferently , because it is just a way to lose weight or a way to spend their free time .
Unfortunately , I do n't have a favourite sport , although I 'd like to have one .
I just go to the gym twice a week to attend a course and I swear I have never sweated more .
It is likely you would have more self - confidence if you worked harder during a lesson .
So , for the unlucky ones like me , my suggestion is , if you have not fallen in love with any sport , you should try a course ! You will surely feel better and more relaxed after that .
Places to enjoy
The aim of this report is to give advice about the best places for the young people in my home town .
Cultural visits
Tarragona is an interesting and beautiful place for spending your time .
You can visit museums , Roman monuments and also the cathedral .
TArragona is near Barcelona .
It is an big city and there are a lot of attractions .
You can go by train , by bus or maybe rent a car .
Restaurants and clubs
You should go to the restaurants located in the harbour of Tarragona .
All of them are based on the typical Mediterranean cuisine .
Mirabel , Aquamar and Siroco are the trendy restaurants .
They are very comfortable and cosy and a good price .
You could go clubbing in Tarragona , but if you travel in summer it is worth the effort to go to Salou .
It 's a village close to Tarragona .
At night it has a special atmosphere .
Relax
The best option to relax is to be lying on the beach .
Watching the Mediterranean sea .
Conclusions and recommendations
Tarragona and surroundings are a good place to visit and to explore their culture .
Anybody can be a good teacher for younger people .
In my opinion , parents are the same and they can be great teachers for their children .
Several reasons can support this idea , but I try to focus on the most important ones .
First , parents are a great source of experience , which can be helpful in teaching .
Secondly , they have a close relationship with their children , which results in feelings and emotions .
These two reasons may be enough for every child to consider his / her parents as valuable teachers .
As mentioned earlier , experience is a prerequisite for every teacher .
In this respect , parents have so many things to teach their children .
They have faced different events in their lives and every event has had many lessons for them .
It does n't matter whether they have failed or gained success through those events , the important thing is the experiences they have got from those events .
From this point of view , children can always ask their parents to teach them some new lessons from the large source of infinite experiences .
I , myself , have faced so many cases that helped me to understand the teaching ability of my parents .
Once , when I was 18 years old , I had to make an important decision about my university major .
So , I just made a quick decision based on some research on the internet and some personal favorites and priorities .
I was hoping that my decision was the right one , but it was n't actually . I had chosen electronics but my parents told me to do some more research and consultations with the graduates of different majors including electronics .
I followed their recommendations and I totally changed my thinking .
There were some aspects that I had been really unaware of .
So , by considering different ideas and opinions , finally I chose computer engineering as my university major .
Now I am graduated in this major and I am really satisfied with that .
So , parents ' experiences can make them good teachers for their children .
Parents ' closeness to their children can be another reason that makes them good teachers .
They are really close to their children in terms of feelings and emotional matters .
They have a strong familiarity with preferences , skills , talents and all other valuable information related to their children .
Regarding this information , they can teach their children and help them to make reasonable decisions .
I remember once in high school I had to make new friends and I was dubious about my situation and it was a great dilemma to choose the best ones .
So , I went to my parents and asked for their help . They presented the best recommendations for making the decision , then I could make the best friends that I could easily get along with .
I am really satisfied with my parents as my indisputable teachers .
They have really saved my life in different cases .
So , parents can be the best teachers in view of their emotional closeness to their children .
All in all , parents are a great source of experience , which can help them to be good teachers .
Also , they have so many close relationships with their children , which makes them trustworthy characters as teachers .
I hope one day all children will rely on their parents as their teachers .
What I usually do in my free time .
I really like reading many kinds of books , magazines , etc . When the weather is bad , I love sitting in my favorite armchair , near the fire place and reading .
I enjoy hearing the rain while I am reading at home .
However , I like walking very much , too .
When the weather is good , I often go out with my friend for a walk in the countryside or go shopping .
I also love watching films at the cinema or on TV .
I prefer comedy and romance , but I like thrillers and drama too .
Finally , I enjoy taking care of my garden , where there are many flowerbeds with a lot of different kinds of flowers .
Dear Laura ,
I am glad to hear from you and know you have bought a new computer game .
Actually , I do n't like computer games very much , because , in my opinion , they are so boring ! I also think these games create a sort of dependency , like alcohol or drugs , so they can be very dangerous !
I really prefer doing other kinds of things on my computer , like surfing the Internet , studying English , etc .
For example , I use my computer to prepare exercises for my students or to look for funny and useful laboratory experiments in chemistry .
See you soon .
Kisses .
Sara
A terrible holiday
Last year I decided to go on holiday with my friends .
We like the sea very much , so we looked to rent a little cottage in August in a lovely place in Sardinia .
We arrived on the island in the morning , after a long journey on a ferryboat .
Then we got on a bus to go to the house which we had rented .
The cottage was really great , with a fantastic view of the beach .
I was looking forward to going to the beach and swimming in that wonderful water .
But luck was n't with me !
In fact , I was ill all the time and I could only look at the sea through the window of my room !
Dear Jeanny ,
I am always glad to receive your letters !
My favourite TV programme is Quark .
This is a documentary about science .
I like watching it because I can get a lot of information from this programme .
For example , I can learn about the Big Bang , or the origin of the universe . It 's fascinating !
I can also learn about astronomy , physics , chemistry , biology and many other branches of science .
From this programme I can get information about the latest scientific discoveries and
technological developments .
In my opinion , it is one of the most interesting programmes about science on TV .
A kiss .
Sara
What did you understand about the job advertisement ?
This is a job dealing with all the information on a cruise , and the media manager works with other managers on a cruise .
Every day you have new news about the cruise , excursions , the weather and a lot of other information about the cruise .
If you want information early the in morning , you can get newspapers in your cabin .
The media manager follows information on panel , changes information depending on the weather , trips and a lot of other information .
What happens if you change the route on a cruise ?
You can change all the information on a cruise and inform passengers about the change of plan for the cruise .
To take care of our bodies , we eat well , exercise and make sure to get enough sleep .
We also have to keep in mind taking care of our environment , in order to have a healthy life .
In my town we protect the environment around us :
By recycling , by trying to reduce the traffic , walking and cycling . That also improves our health and fitness .
People of all ages must help to clean up the city and protect the wildlife .
At school , children are taught about how to make appropriate use of electricity .
There are many people that offer themselves as volunteers to clean the city , and have been very helpful in making the city cleaner and more attractive .
There also a lot of plans for the future , to start using electric cars .
The title of one of the best thriller movies I have ever seen is " Seven " .
" Seven " is a story about a psychopathic serial killer , who kills on behalf of morality and ethics .
In particular , the killer kills seven people , each one corresponding to those actions that , according to the Christian religion , are the seven deadly sins .
All the murders show characteristics reflecting a specific deadly sin .
That provides , especially to one of the two detectives who are investigating the crimes , a trail to follow in their investigation .
In the movie there , are some references to Dante 's " Divina Commedia " , an Italian poem , as well as to the Bible .
The film is excellent because of both a very exciting and engaging plot , and great performances by the main characters - the serial killer and the two detectives .
To my mind , shopping has both supporters and opponents .
The first claim that shopping is a great pleasure and fun .
The second do n't agree with them .
In my opinion , shopping is not always enjoyable .
Many times when I have been shopping , I was unhappy or disappointed for different reasons .
First of all , we can like or even love shopping , we do n't always have enough money to buy items we want or need .
It 's nice to go through the shops and leave with hands full of bags .
Unfortunately , we realize at home , that our wallet is empty .
That makes us sad .
What is more , shopping may affect our mood or even our body in a bad way .
When it comes to bargain sales , in such periods , people start to behave like animals and rarely think rationally .
They walk very quickly , even run , to get the last thing which is left in the store .
They sometimes almost fight for it .
It 's really dangerous .
All in all , shopping in it 's intention is an enjoyable activity which often makes us feel happy .
Nevertheless , some people treat shopping too seriously and , as a result , become addicted to it .
To whom it may concern .
Hi to everyone ,
My name is Daniela and I 'm eighteen years old .
I 'd like to present my application because I think I 'm the person that you are looking for for the job described in your advertisement .
I speak both English and French well and I 'll be free all summer until the end of October because I 've just finished high school .
There , over the last two years , I was the leader of a group which was involved in the organisation of lessons for young students with learning difficulties .
At the same time , I was one of the leaders of the " Scouts " , so I 've learned a lot about how to come together with people and to take care of them .
I was in the school swimming team and I 've got a first - aid certificate .
I 'm Catholic and I play the guitar in the Church choir .
Each year , in the summer holiday , I 've worked in the " Summer camp " organised in our neighbourhood , both helping in the kitchens and organising sports and various activities for children between 6 and 13 years old .
Yours faithfully , Daniela
In the wonderful world of cooking that we live , in where we have a lot of products and chefs are so good , I would like to visit an Italian restaurant , because I love cheese and I think that Italy is the best place in the world where you can eat different types of cheese .
The perfect atmosphere for me is a modern building that has different rooms with different styles : modern , classical , gothic , etc .
When I eat in a restaurant , I hate two things : people smoking and the loud voices of the people .
Whereas I love two things too : a friendly waitress with her traditional black clothes and a light on my table that makes the night more romantic if you dine with your partner or more relaxed if you dine with your friend .
I think that an Italian restaurant is a great place for my class , because there they can choose between different fantastic dishes . For example , pasta , pizza , seafood or pork .
Besides , they can drink a lot of different wines .
However , not all is OK . A trip to Italy is so expensive and many classmates ca n't afford it .
I enjoyed the time off from university .
My time off from university is important to my personal development .
Learning can also take place outside the university campus .
As such , we develop through interacting with our environment .
While on holidays from university ,
I travelled to my country of birth , where I was able to meet my family members , relatives and friends .
I was able to inspire some members of my family to send their children to university .
I told my friends and family members the importance of university education to our community .
I visited many interesting places , e.g. a nature reserve , historical places , the zoo , rivers etc .
Also during this period , I was involved in a local community project building a community hospital . While on this project , I interacted and shared ideas with other professionals on the project .
While on time off from university ,
I took a part - time job with the local housing company .
This part - time job gives me a learning opportunity to develop my skills and understand the practical aspects of my career .
This practical experience gave me the opportunity to understand the importance of supervision .
I enjoyed the monetary aspect of this job .
I earnt some money to pay my university fees and rent for three months . I also received a very good reference from the firm which was passed on to the university .
They would like to offer me another opportunity to do a work placement in my final year at university .
Good Morning !
I 'm Mary and I 'm writing you a letter because I would like to work in your summer camp .
I live in Milan with my parents , but I 'm moving to the USA before the end of spring , so I would like to find a job there to make some money .
My parents are both English native speakers , but to learn more about the culture , I studied languages at university and now I have a degree in English and French , so this job is also an opportunity for me to improve my English in another situation and not only with my parents and family .
In Italy , I worked as a babysitter for a couple of months . I took care of 3 kids : 1 child is 7 years old and the other 2 children are both 11 years old . And back then , I had to cook lunch and dinner for them .
At university , I was part of the football team and we won a championship against one of the most athletic football teams in our country .
I think I 'm an energetic person that likes all the types of sports and activities , but the most important thing is that I love kids and playing with them makes me really happy .
I would like to be part of your staff , so please let me know if I can work with you !
Thank you for your time !
Bright future for public transport
The convenience of travelling by car benefits the majority of us in modern society .
It is efficient and private .
Car manufacturers are desperately seeking new technologies to improve the features of cars .
By making them more modern , powerful and economical , they have successfully attracted more customers than ever .
In Canada , the vehicles per capita was 60.7% in 2001[1 ] .
There was once an interesting saying that North America is a nation on wheels .
The car has brought an epic change to our lifestyle .
We depend on cars so much , as if they are our spare pair of feet .
As a result , the rapid increase of cars on the road has brought negative consequences .
Firstly , vehicles ' emissions can have detrimental effects on the environment in many ways .
Such as global warming , soil and water pollution and acid rain .
Secondly , vehicles contain many different fluids , including motor oil , antifreeze , gasoline , air - conditioning refrigerants , and brake , transmission , hydraulic and windshield - wiper fluids .
In most cases , these fluids are toxic to humans and animals , and can pollute waterways if they leak from a vehicle or are disposed of incorrectly .
In addition , traffic congestion has become another worsening problem .
It spread massively in much of the world and has many negative impacts of all types .
In 2010 , a recurring massive traffic jam that happened in China caught the worldwide media 's attention .
The traffic jam slowed down thousands of vehicles for more than 100 kilometres and lasted for more than ten days .
Many drivers were able to move their vehicles only 1 km per day , and some drivers reported being stuck in the traffic jam for five days .
It is considered to be one of the longest traffic jams by some media .
On the other hand , modern public transport has been improved progressively in the past decade .
Its comfortable , efficient and economical features have been attracting more young professionals .
By taking the subway , you will be able to guarantee your arrival time for a class or an important meeting ; In some big cities , public transport plays a big role in modern society . With great coverage and efficient routes ,
the subway has become the most popular commuting tool .
For instance , in New York , the subway system includes 232 miles of routes .
In 2013 , the subway delivered over 1.71 billion rides , averaging approximately 5.5 million rides on weekdays.[2 ] Shanghai Metro system is 14 metro lines and 329 stations , with an operating route length of 334 miles , with 2.5 billion rides delivered in 2013 .
On a normal weekday , over 8 million people use the Shanghai Metro.[3 ]
In addition to the convenience of public transport , the fares are much cheaper compared with driving a car .
Some professional companies even offer their employees free public transport passes as a benefit .
The public transport in my city is very convenient .
Even though our subway system is still developing , the main line that passes through downtown , several universities and popular city spots is very popular and has been many tourists ' , students ' and professionals ' first choice for commuting .
There are some park - and - ride stations allowing car drivers to connect with the subway . It is very convenient and encourages more people to drive less .
If I have to get to somewhere on time in the rush hour , I will first consider the subway over driving a car .
Environmental awareness has positively affected the younger generations .
Taking the subway to work has become a trend and all the changes that are happening today will surely lead to a bright future for public transport .
[ 1 ] Wikipedia , Motor Vehicles Per Capita
[ 2 ] Wikipedia , New York City Subway
[ 3 ] Wikipedia , Shanghai Metro System
Dear Ann ,
I know you 're coming to Rome next week and I would be really glad if you could come to see me .
I am going to explain how to get to my place from the airport .
First of all , once you arrive , you will need to get the train , which stops at Tiburtina .
From there take the 45 bus and stop at Piazza Rubiani . I do n't live very far from there . It will only take a couple of minutes .
So , from Piazza Rubiani take the second on the right , which is Via Priscilla and stop at number 27 .
Should you have any problems , just give me a call !
I ca n't wait to see you .
Love .
Adri
I think it would be a good idea to try the restaurant " The old clock " .
The restaurant is charming and fascinating , located in the old town 's center .
It 's an ancient brewery which keeps a special atmosphere .
The menu is not really wide - this is good in my opinion , because I 'm quite suspicious of restaurants offering too many dishes ... The restaurant serves fresh food only , depending on the season 's produce .
There is also a good choice of food for vegetarians , so Mike and Ann will not have a problem eating .
The downside could be the waiting time to eat , because all the dishes are prepared at the time the customers make the order .
But there 's a guarantee for the customer : the food is great !
The location is informal and the service is good , the owner and the waiters are friendly ; you feel at home .
You can listen to live music or a DJ on Friday evening . It 's really fun !
Last but not least , the price is good , especially considering the quality of food and service .
As the concert finished , I heard someone call my name .
A man put a small envelope in my hand and went away .
I opened it and I could see an ordinary CD inside .
When I got home , I played the CD on the CD player but there really was n't any sound !
At that moment , the phone started to ring , I pick it up ... but no one answered me when I asked ' Who is that ? ' .
I was beginning to get very agitated when somebody knocked on the door .
I opened it but there was nobody there !
Suddenly , a loud noise was heard in the room and I woke up .
I was lying on the couch with a mystery novel in my hands ! It had all just been a nightmare !
All over the world , the number of overweight people is growing .
What do you feel are the main causes of this ?
What are the effects ?
Obesity is one of the most significant challenges of present - day society due to the fact that the number of people suffering from it has been growing alarmingly .
This essay will look at some of the key causes and effects of obesity among people .
Firstly , food habits such as fast food and sedentary lifestyles are some of the main causes of the surge in weight among people .
For instance , there are many studies by various bodies in the US showing that more and more teenagers are spending most of their time in front of the TV or computer playing video games . They hardly do any sort of physical activity and also indulge in fast food .
This shows that fried or packaged food and a complete lack of exercise are the chief reasons for the increase in obesity among young people .
Secondly , bullying among teenagers and a rise in heart attacks are some of the main effects for people who are obese .
For example , it should be noted that recent studies by WHO have revealed that obese people are prone to bullying and there is rise in the number of cases of heart attacks among young people with obesity .
This example shows that people with obesity not only suffer from bullying , but also from heart attacks .
Having looked at both causes and effects of obesity among people , it is recommended that people pay attention to eating habits by reducing the intake of fast food and also take time out to exercise to lead a healthy lifestyle for their own benefit .
Dear friend :
How are things ? I went to our new shopping centre last week .
I had a really good time with my boyfriend . This place is outside the city centre of Granada , in Spain .
I liked this shopping centre because it has a lot of women 's shops inside , the facilities are quite attractive and very up - to - date , the green zones are broad and it is supplied with a lot of wooden benches .
I bought two kinds of clothes : casual clothes for every day and an outfit for an occasion , my cousin 's wedding next month .
See you soon !
Best regards
BEA
Peter looked at his watch and knew he had to do something immediately .
He had been stuck in this blizzard for a long time .
He did n't know what to do . He tried to call someone , but the line did n't work .
He was starting to get agitated , he was arriving late to his sister 's wedding . It was probably the best day of her life and he was n't there with her .
When the first hour had passed , he decided he would walk .
When he opened the door , a cold wind whipped him hard but he did n't care about it and kept going .
The sky was cloudy , the temperature was below zero , the wind made him not able to walk and it was then that he realized why is sister was celebrating her wedding on this date .
He began to feel wet and that was when he noticed that it was raining heavily .
He could n't believe it , but he could n't stop walking . He had to get to the church .
Peter opened the door and everybody turned around to look at him .
He was wet , cold , starving , and outside the weather had worsened , the road was flooded and the cars could n't pass .
But Peter did not regret having walked in the pouring rain , because he had been with his sister on her special day .
There are plenty of sports . some can be practiced indoors , some outdoors and others in water .
For me , these are the most incredible sports that anyone can do .
Swimming is one of the most complete sports , because you use every part of your body in order to float and advance in the water .
The ideal is to start doing this sport as children , because the older you are the more difficult it is to overcome fear , but it is never too late to learn to swim .
This sport combines the movement of arms and legs with breathing , as coordination between these parts is crucial .
Among the advantages of swimming we can highlight the following :
1 .
to delay aging , it increases memory and the ability to move .
2 . burn more calories , because in the water , the muscles work 5 times more than outside it .
3 .
Improving the respiratory system .
4 . Eliminate back pain and aching bones .
5 . Relax not only the body but also the mind , so that stress decreases considerably .
If you want to know more and learn to practise this sport , we recommend attending a specialized school . There are many good and not so expensive ones , where you can count on the support of a qualified instructor who will give you the confidence to start .
Hi Keiron ,
Hope you are doing well .
As per our discussion earlier on the Service Guide Sales communication , I would like to ask you if you have already started to prepare the background and sales communication materials for this service guide and how to use it .
We are aiming to deliver the Service Guide materials in Week 25 to the marketing colleagues for translation and localisation .
The countries will have 6 weeks to localise and produce it ( till Week 32 ) .
Following our communication to the marketing community , ideally we should also inform the sales community about the sales communication materials and guidelines .
I propose having a meeting to discuss the process / timeline and align our communications to the marketing and sales community .
Would you be available to meet on Monday , June 02 .
Looking forward to hearing from you .
Kind regards ,
The article is devoted to the characteristics of the objective aspect of a crime , responsibility for which is provided by Art .
134 of the Criminal Code of the Russian Federation .
Various points of view are given concerning concepts of sexual intercourse , sodomy , lesbianism .
On the basis of medical and legal provisions as well as jurisprudence , the author formulates definitions of the mentioned acts of a sexual nature .
Also , the imperfection in formulation of the specified article is stressed .
On the basis of a more balanced and reasonable approach , the new edition of Art .
134 of the Criminal Code of the Russian Federation is offered .
Hi Tom ,
You 're welcome , I 'll be very happy to put you up . I'll show you the marvellous venues which are situated in my hometown .
To come to my home , firstly you must take the National Express coach .
You must find the bus stop on the side of the car park .
You must take the number 748 .
Secondly , you 'll get off at the Galleria .
It 's a shopping centre , which is situated in Hatfield .
On the opposite side of the National express bus stop there 's the bus stop .
You have to catch the 712 bus .
It brings you directly to my suburb .
You must get off at London Road bus stop .
Finally , you will find my apartment near the bus stop .
This is the cheapest way to get to my home that I know .
About the weather forecast for next month , I 'm sorry to tell you that the temperature might fall .
I suggest bringing a coat .
If you need further details about how to get to my apartment write to me soon .
Take care
Maurizio
There is no future for public transport , because travelling by car is so much more convenient .
As you do not have to wait for set timetables and follow fixed routes .
You can go anywhere you want , even during the night when public transport is scarce or it could be unsafe .
Driving your own car gives you more freedom when travelling and increases your sense of independence .
However , a car is not always more economical to run because , for example , you have to pay for road taxes , insurance , and motor tests .
Not to mention the fuel .
Generally speaking , cars generate more pollution than any public transport .
The main reason for this is that cars use diesel or petrol , whereas trains use electricity .
It is also important to mention that people who drive their own car most of the time travel on their own .
Finally , another advantage over private cars is that it reduced traffic chaos .
To sum up , I think the future of public transport is just starting up .
From 17th to 20th March me and my schoolmates , and the 2 M , went on a trip to Sicily .
We stayed there for 4 days and we visited Taormina , Siracusa , Agrigento , Marsala and a small part of Trapani .
We flew from Orio Al Serio to Catania : for me it was the first time I had flown , and it was amazing . But at the beginning I had a little bit of a headache .
When we arrived in Catania , the bus driver took us to a café to have breakfast .
Then we went to Taormina and we visited a lot of things : the Greek theatre , Corvaia palace and the Sicilian ' pupi ' , the Roman Odeon and a park and other beautiful places .
Then we had lunch and went to ' Giardini Naxos ' and we saw the necropolis .
In the evening , we went to Siracusa and we stayed in the hotel because we were tired .
The next morning , we visited Siracusa and in the afternoon we went to Ortigia island where we had a little bit of free time .
From Siracusa we moved to Agrigento , where a lot of us stayed in the hotel that night .
In Garigento , we saw the ' Valle Dei templi ' and a museum and in the afternoon we moved to ' Santa Maria Dei Greci ' .
We also saw Pirandell 's house , and after that , we went to Marsala . During the evening , we stayed in the hotel and in the morning we visited a museum and then we moved to Trapani , where we visited the saltworks .
Then we had free time for 1 hour , but soon we had to go to the airport to board a plane and come back here .
It was an incredible trip !
I have an unusual car .
It looks like regular cars but has some advantages .
First of all , my car has high speed .
Secondly , it can fly .
In addition , my car is considerably more powerful than other means of transport .
It does not need fuel because there are different forces which raise the car in the air .
My means of transport is blue like the sky .
Using this transport I will go to New Zealand then Australia and other countries .
I want to see tropical animals , birds and meet the local population .
In addition , I am going to see the migration of the biggest animals in the world - whales .
Travelling by car is much more convenient , as many people say , but public transport is much better for the environment .
There are now 8 billion people living on our earth and if everyone drove a car , the pollution would be so great , that we could n't live here anymore .
Many people use public transport every day and I think this is good for our communication , because we can talk to other people .
It is also good for our environment because there is just one bus for 80 people .
There would be much more exhaust if every person drove a car .
Public transport will increase in the future , because every year there are more train stations and more streets .
The Weeping Angel is a thriller full of haunting beauty and intrigue .
It takes place in the modern New York among anonymous office buildings and empty - eyed crowds .
The hero finds all his friends are disappearing one by one .
Looking for traces of those he loved , he stumbles upon a truth that was hidden in plain sight .
Only by looking in the eyes of stone - cold danger can he evade disappearance himself .
He might have tricked the monsters into a trap , but such creatures , almost too evil to be real , can never be stopped .
My favourite sport is swimming . I like it because it makes me feel free , independent and happy .
It is an individual sport but also a team activity .
In my opinion , it is one of the healthiest sports there are because you can train not only your body but you can also develop your breathing .
I do not swim in competitions , but almost since I was 3 years old ,
I always had great coaches who trained me according to my ability so that I never went over my limit .
I have always felt comfortable as a child with my tank mates .
During these years I have changed pools three times .
At the moment , I am training at the Turin Sisport near Mirafiori .
It is quite a tiring sport , but you can relax when the coach says it 's time to take a break .
If I had to give advice to someone who wants to start this sport , I would tell him not to worry if he does n't feel confident .
If he is afraid of the water , it is not recommended to do this sport , or being able to overcome his fear would be a great goal .
All in all , I would recommend anyone to do this sport .
It is a sport that purifies and regenerates you .
If we talk about my favourite sport , it will be basketball .
I love basketball , though I rarely play basketball because it is hard to find a stadium to play basketball in Thailand .
I like basketball because it is one of the easiest sports .
Let 's talk about the advantages of playing basketball .
I think playing basketball helps me to be healthy .
If someone wants to play some sport , basketball is my first suggestion .
It is an easy sport to play for anyone who has never played any sport before .
So , newbies can understand and know the rules easily .
This is a story about basketball , my favourite sport .
It 's true that not many people consider the members of their family their best friends .
I do n't either . However , I have a curious opinion .
On the one hand , your relatives are the people who will always be part of you .
Nobody can leave a family , as there will be a bloody union .
So , it would be a good choice to consider them your friends .
It is more possible to lose contact with a friend than with your family .
On the other hand , it happens that sometimes you have an argument with a family member and you need to talk to a friend to be cheered up .
If you talk to a friend who is also a member of your family , the situation could turn out to be a little awkward .
All in all , as we can see , there are many advantages and disadvantages to considering the members of your family your best friends .
From my point of view , friendship is based on honesty .
What 's more , not only is your best friend the person who never lies to you , but he / she is also the person who is always on your side .
If a family member was like that , they could become my best friend .
The housing situation for young people in my country
Introduction :
The purpose of this report is to evaluate the range of options available for many twenty - somethings in order to choose their housing in my country , as well as the main obstacles they face with each one .
It will also describe the possible housing prospects in the coming years and the consequences for young people .
Who can afford a house ?
Nowadays , owning your own house has become an uphill struggle unless you are willing to pay through the nose for it .
Due to the enormous economic crisis that has shaken Europe and that has intoxicated the real - estate market , most of the prices are eye - wateringly expensive for college students that want to study abroad or simply emancipate .
Even if they manage to save the amount of money for a flat , it usually does n't have enough room to swing a cat .
In addition , the unwillingness of the banks to lend money to anyone without a stable job is something important to take into account .
If you can not afford it , then just rent it .
Although renting is the first option for most of the youth , rents also have been affected by the housing bubble and their prices have shot up too .
Then , sharing the costs could be the solution for lots of students beyond all the problems that could arise from communal living .
At least you 'll always have your parents .
In order to save up for future plans , a large number of young adults prefer to stay under the wing of parents rather than leaping into the dark and moving out .
That could end in constant arguments because of issues like privacy and so on .
What about the future ?
The future remains uncertain until the economic situation recovers .
As there are not many signs of this becoming a reality , young people must wait to start their own lives .
My favourite sport is running .
It keeps me fit , healthy and full of energy .
When I run , I feel relaxed , I forgot all my troubles and stresses .
It refreshes me .
Once , I took part in a half - marathon .
At first , I could n't believe that I could do this .
But then I proved to myself that everything is possible .
In addition , I made new friends there . They are very clever and physically strong .
They teach me the techniques of how to run faster .
I keep practicing with them , running around West Lake every Saturday .
After the race , we got together in the cafe , drink beer and had a nice conversation .
It was a great time .
My next goal is to participate in a full - marathon .
Also , running improves my willpower , because I have to wake up early in the morning and run , without fail .
I have become more organized , and I have managed to do more than I could have imagined .
I think everything is possible when you are organized . You start to build your own timetable , which makes your life more easy and effective .
It helps you not to waste your time .
I think it is the key to success .
We can learn that a lot of successful people are very organized .
In my opinion , sport plays a great role in our life .
This company has the intention of setting up some training courses for staff , so I came up with the idea of having a course that concentrates on company morale .
I consider this course as a priority in order to get every employee to feel motivated and involved in what this company has to offer .
I strongly believe in the idea of having a comfortable office environment , because when you like what you are doing and also where you are doing it , you will do it the best you can .
I recommend that everyone in this department takes the course , that way we could have the views of all the employees and focus on what we need to improve and channel it into profits .
These courses will last about a week and I suggest we only take from two to three hours per day so it does n't become tedious and we can keep everyone interested .
In conclusion , this will make everyone feel part of the company and we will have everyone 's opinions .
Yesterday , I watched a science fiction movie called Blade Runner .
The movie was first released in 1982 and was directed by Ridley Scott , who was the director of Alien .
The story of Blade Runner is about a police officer named Dickard who is working as a killer for the most dangerous robots on earth , which they call the replicants , and they are dangerous to humans .
The film events happen in Los Angeles in 2019 ; there are 4 robots in the story and each robot has his own character ; and the most famous and dangerous one is called batty . He is a very advanced robot and has many skills and abilities .
Dickard , the police officer , kills three robots in the film , but at the end of the movie and before he tries to kill the last robot , he discovers that batty has emotions and feelings instead of his mechanical body , because he saves Dickard 's life at the end of the film .
Travelling has an important role in our everyday life ; we need to get to work , school , want to meet our friends .
Most of those plans would not be possible if it were not for means of transport .
But which one , public transport or our own car will we be choosing more often in future ?
On the one hand , it is more convenient to have a car .
Owning a vechicle is very convenient and gives you independence .
It enables you to go anywhere you want , no matter when .
You can also stop worrying about how much you take to work and on trips , being able to hide all those things inside your trunk , while this is impossible with any other means of transport ,
On the other hand , having your own car is expensive and not everyone can afford it .
For those people , there is always another option - public transport .
It is not only cheaper , but also saves you from such problems as lack of parking spaces and reduces traffic jams .
Moreover , travelling by train , tram or bus produces less exhaust fumes and , as a result , saves the ozone layer .
To sum up , travelling using public transport is more beneficial for both the environment and travellers .
I am convinced , that in spite of cars being comfortable , public transport will constantly develop .
Hi Sara ,
thanks for your interest , you 're very kind !
Yes , I know , it was a difficult decision to take , but I am too stressed here , I need a break , so I decided to travel to England , a country I have always wanted to visit but I 've never been there .
For this , the first thing I 'd like to do when I arrive is to visit the country . I want to do this during the first month . Every day I want to enjoy myself visiting new places !
After , that I 'll need to make some money . My parents are going to give me some , but it wo n't be enough for six months , so I must find a job !
I need to ask you for some help . You 're the only person I know who lives there , so the only one who can help me .
The first thing I must ask you is if you could find a place where I can stay . A motel or , better , a shared house . I know it 's a lot to ask but could you send me the contact details of a company that is looking for part - time staff ?
Thanks a lot
I hope to see you soon !
kiss , Gloria .
Stem cells are undifferentiated biological cells that can differentiate into specialized cells and divide to produce more stem cells .
They can also treat or prevent a disease or condition , and are used by scientists in research , and by doctors .
I think it is a really good idea to use stem cells in order to save other people 's lives , even if they come from an aborted foetus .
There are a lot of people in this world that are ill and need stem cells in their healing process , so parents that had an aborted foetus should let the scientists and the doctors use the stem cells in their research and help other people .
Science nowadays has developed a lot and has given the population a lot of possibilities , like storing stem cells and using them to treat future health problems anyone can have .
All in all , I suppose a lot of people disagree with this subject because it is not a good idea for them , but in my opinion , it is a really good idea to save other people 's lives by taking stem cells from an aborted foetus .
Introduction
The purpose of this report is to inform visitors to Leonberg about our shopping facilities .
Findings
When you come to Leonberg you will find many useful shops .
The most popular retail stores are located in our famous mall , called Leo Center .
There you can find almost anything you want , from clothes to electronics and groceries , to beauty products and flowers .
Furthermore , the picturesque old town of Leonberg has a number of lovely small corner shops where you can buy local food and handmade products .
Even if you are interested in more than ordinary shopping , you will be satisfied in Leonberg .
We have a big furniture store , an extraordinary market garden , a well - known home improvement store , and also a large bike retailer with professionally trained shop assistants .
Recommendations
Depending on your personal interests , you should head for different quarters of Leonberg .
If you prefer to walk around and get a feeling for the town 's culture , you should go to one of the two historic town centers .
If you prefer faster shopping , I suggest you visit our Leo Center .
In my opinion , shopping is not always enjoyable , especially for men .
When women spend hours in the shops , men must go with them .
It 's a torment for every man .
First , they have to spend money and waste time which they could spend watching TV .
Shopping is not enjoyable also , when we must buy something , in this case we ca n't find what we want , generally , people do n't like things which they have to do .
In this situation , we are nervous and stressed .
Sometimes , your shopping trip turns out to be unsuccessful and you are desperate because you wasted money .
But , if you are a woman and you have lots of money and time , you will always be content during shopping .
If we look around us , we can see a lot of facilities .
If we think about them , we will realize that we are lucky because of the simple fact of enjoying them .
They have not always been here , and they will not be here for ever .
One of the momentous human aims is to make life eternal as much as it is possible .
For this reason , we are always involved in the project of improving the facilities for life , and one of the most important aspects of the project is the home .
Nowadays , we have a lot of electronic devices , such as microwaves , remote contols for TV , electronic devices for cooking , personal computers , and so on and so forth .
Each one makes everyday life a bit easier , but real progress in the home would be electronic devices that were connected to the mind .
This would be my ' home of future ' .
An inner electronic system would compose the whole house ; it would include small devices of wave reception connected , on every side of the house , to a gum headband whose function would be to identify neural stimuli and to convert them into radio waves .
This headband would be related to household chores such that if you need to wash dishes or to sweep , you only have to think about it and the robotized system of the house will send orders to each part of the house itself .
This system would also be connected to the Internet in a ' dual output remote port of information ' .
Having explained it , I am completely sure that this outline of my ' house of future ' will astonish and amaze everyone who reads my sublime project .
Dear Paul ,
How are you doing ? I remember you wanted me to tell you about my experience with helping at a concert I went to last month .
I am glad to tell you that it was awesome and I hope that I will be able to do something like that again . I am convinced that it was one of the best days of my life .
It all started when I applied to be a volunteer at this event .
I did n't think that I had any chance of getting there , because of the large number of applicants .
But , I fortunately made it .
I was attached to a group of people who were responsible for informing the public about the programme and all the organisational stuff .
There were so many guests and I was afraid that it would be too hard for me to do it right .
But my new friends from this group were very polite and we worked together , so it was much easier than I thought at first .
After some time , I felt sad , because I realised that I would n't be able to see the band playing on the stage , because I had to stay in front of the entrance .
But after the first song , when the audience started to sing and dance , our manager came to us and told us that we could go see the concert .
I was so extremely happy .
I had a great time throughout the entire concert .
After that , we went backstage and spent some time with the band .
We took some photos and got autographs .
It was really cool .
As you can see , it was all really amazing .
I met a lot of fantastic people and I am still in touch with them .
I hope that , next time , you will be able to go with me .
Love , XY .
That was a mistake .
A BIG mistake .
Michael does n't know anything about love and sweetness .
Like everyone else on this planet ... I think ?
Anyway , you know what ?
The only thing he knew when he got to Mandy 's house was this : The world does n't turn around him .
He arrived and the first word he said was :
- " Shit ! "
Yes , I know , not very smart .
But that is Michael .
And Michael does n't care what people think about him .
And this is the " Mandy moment " .
- " What ? What 's wrong with you ?
- Nothing . I 've lost my apartment keys .
Where are those fucking bastard keys ? ......
- ... You never change .
You always do something wrong .
This is you .
YOU .
Michael the big man , who can do everything in the whole damn world , except take care of his keys , I guess ... "
I think I 've neglected to explain one thing to you ?
Michael was , at this moment , angry .
But not angry like you and me .
No no no .
Angry like a tiger , or something else that 's bad , naughty and terrifying .
Yeah .
And that was how Michael was at that moment .
- " What is your problem ?
- What ?
- I wo n't repeat myself a third time : What is your problem ?
- I 've no problem with you !
You 're always like this .
You 're fucked up all the time . "
He hit her .
That was all .
He got his bag and he went to the door .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Sexual Harassment
Have you ever been harassed by others ?
Their behavior may make you feel uncomfortable and disgusting .
If you have or you have witnessed this before .
You should know it is called sexual harassment .
Sexual harassment is somebody else ( maybe strangers or maybe someone you are familiar with ) bullying or forcing you sexually .
You may get hurt physically and mentally by sexual harassment .
Today , I will talk about the problem of sexual harassment .
First , I will show you what happens when sexual harassment occurs .
Second , I will tell you how to deal with sexual harassment .
Let 's start by watching a video .
( show video )
Sexual harassment may occur in a variety of circumstances - in workplaces , schools and even houses .
The perpetrators harm the victims by words or assault .
Now you know what sexual harassment is .
Next I will tell you how to deal with it .
If you are the victim of sexual harassment or you are a witness , you should try to call for help first .
Screaming , yelling … do some actions which will attract others ' attention .
You can also prepare some weapons such as pepper spray , a whistle or an electric baton , just in case .
Many people hesitate to tell others about an incident because they think it is embarrassing to tell others about this .
Yet , you should tell someone you can trust .
And then they can help you to solve the problem .
I have explained two important aspects of sexual harassment .
First , I showed you what sexual harassment is .
Second , I told you what you can do to deal with it .
In conclusion , sexual harassment may happen anywhere , anytime , by anyone .
Be alert and take some precautions to protect yourself .
If you are affected , do not be afraid to tell the truth and let others help you to deal with it .
Let 's say no to sexual harassment !
A great place to eat is at " The Rivera " .
This restaurant is near the riverside of Zarate .
First , you have a varied menu and the service in this place is wonderful .
You begin with a
great starter and when you finish it , they bring you the barbecued meat .
Then the main course is the barbecued meat that is very tender and tasty .
The meat is not salty as
in other restaurants , and they let you eat the amount of main courses that you wish for the same price .
There is a package that includes the starter , the main course and the desert .
Drinks are apart from the package .
In addition , the atmosphere of the place is excellent .
Rivera is a friendly and lively place
with an amazing riverside view that makes you relax and feel comfortable .
To sum up , I would recommend this place if you want to have a great time and eat on your last day .
Travelling by car is much more convenient than using public transport for various obvious reasons .
But , considering the increase in private vehicles in our crowded overpopulated world , it is recommended by geologists and ecologists that we use public transportation .
In this way , we not only contribute to saving our eco - system , we also contribute to increasing the national revenue .
Now that mobile phones have conquered our palms , we have no time to even meet our parents and children .
Our interaction with human beings has been pathetically reduced .
Exchanging greetings , expressing emotions , updating work status , gaming , studying and more have become activities we do using mobile phones .
Cars are mostly used by people travelling long distances in a shorter time .
Inside cities and for shorter distances , nothing can be more comfortable and safe than public transport .
Using public transport not only helps us reach our destination safely , but also gives us ample opportunities to network and be with other people .
It is safer , cheaper and faster .
Even if cars outnumber users , public transport will continue to help and support us in a safe and a healthy life .
For centuries the population of the world has been dreaming of commuting anywhere comfortably by car .
How many of us get up from our bed already exhausted just at the thought of getting onto public transport ?
It was after thinking about this major problem that governments around the world launched the greatest and most ambitious plan .
To start with , cars are going to be made using high technology at a lower cost , and therefore affordable to all .
City development is already under construction .
New motorways , streets , car parks are no longer sitting in the council 's offices , waiting to be signed , they are a reality transforming the world landscape .
Could we ever think of such a dream coming true ? All this is beyond my imagination and understanding , whereas new technologies could be used to give the world a much better healthy environment and less egocentric .
Dear John
I am very interested in starting a pet - care franchise because I like pets and I think all these services would be very helpful for a lot of people in my country too .
Can you tell me more about the possibility of taking out a Petpals franchise in my country ?
I would like to know what initial investment I have to calculate ?
How many hours do you work in this business and what are the working hours ?
Is this more in the evening or on the weekend ?
Another thing I would like to know is how much turnover / profit I can expect in the first year .
In your article you write about an education center with assistance for new franchisees .
What training do you offer ?
Can you send me an offer ?
Thank you very much for your help .
Yours sincerely
Isabel
In the future our lives will be much more difficult because we 'll struggle for everything alone .
We have started to struggle alone .
We'll get more and more lonely and also selfish , too .
No one will help each other .
Everyone will get help from the machines or technological .
Technology will be our best friend .
Despite this , our appearance will change . Our fashion will be more technique .
I ca n't imagine what things we might eat in the future .
Pills ?
Just to save time ?
Because we wo n't have time to eat delicious food and drink an exquisite wine and have a chat with a friend .
What about relationships ?
Well , I do n't think that we will build a close relationship with anyone and building a family will be even worse .
The family might exist on paper , but not in reality , because each member of the family will be busy and they will just send some messages from the high - technology phones they 'll have at that time .
I know , it sounds boring and pessimistic , but if we do n't change our minds immediately , the future is going to be like that , for sure .
This bar chart depicts the average knowledge of reading and writing for females and males in six different regions in 2000 .
From an overall perspective , it is notable a higher amount of illiterate women in all the regions compared with men , who are in some cases the half part of the total of women in each region .
Developed countries , Latin America and East Asia are the three regions that show a low percentage of illiterate people , expressed as below 20% , whereas Sub - Saharan Africa , Arab States and South Asia have over 30% of people who do not know to how read and write .
Developed countries ' figures are the lowest , being almost at 1% , whilst South Asia numbers rose sharply , reaching almost 60% in the case of females and exceeding 30% for males .
As we can see , an unequal percentage is shown depending on the area where the people come from .
Buenos Aires is a city made for tourists . Visitors can do so many activities in a small radio of the city . Dancing Tango , eating traditional meat or visiting a beautiful library are some of them .
Furthermore , there are many places where tourists can buy many things , such as a typical mate or a picture of the Obelisco Porteño .
But if visitors want something more than a typical souvenir , they can visit canteens or a bar where tango shows are put on and take their own pictures or even buy a CD with the traditional music of Buenos Aires .
There are also places where people can buy the typical clothes ; dark dresses for women or a ' tango hat ' for men .
Even if you just want to go shopping for clothes , there are so many places you can go . Palermo is known as a little New York for the designers and well - known brands , and technology is located in Recoleta .
So , Buenos Aires , also known as the Paris of America , gives all visitors the opportunity to meet Argentinian tradition in just one city that includes the history and the culture of the country .
Pontevedra on its way to becoming a green town .
Pontevedra has been one of the most polluted towns in Galicia for many years .
We had two factories and a great number of traffic problems .
We did not even know what to do with our garbage .
Finally , we polluted our rivers .
First of all , let me tell you , there has been a great change in people 's minds .
We thought the factories were good because they allowed a great number of people to work there .
Later , we realized the factories could be moved elsewhere .
We started to appreciate the advantages of walking .
Last but not least , we also became proud of our beautiful rivers .
When the new mayor arrived , he decided to move the traffic away from the city centre .
At the beginning , this was a very controversial decision .
Later , he also ordered us to clean our wet zones too .
Finally , he has championed moving Celulosa 's factory to a safer place .
Pontevedra is going greener .
We have suffered like every other city during these difficult years .
Nevertheless , our passion is still strong .
We want to move the last factory away from the river .
Although we have made great strides , there are still a lot of things to do .
In many countries , it 's considered that relatives are the close family and the only people with whom an individual can be just the way he is .
This point of view is based on , for example , the fact that you share an important bond with your family or that you know everything about some members , like your cousins and they know everything about you .
Maybe most of us have spent our childhood with our cousins and they were our best friends for ages .
Siblings are another strong point to support this statement .
It 's usual to hear that this kind of bond is the strongest inside a family , because everybody thinks that siblings are the only ones whom you can rely on , despite the fact that it 's not always true .
I should talk in the third person , because I do n't have any brothers or sisters , but I do have close cousins .
In my case , this role is played by them .
On the other hand , we can find arguments against this statement .
For example , the debate about the statement that you can not choose your family , but you can choose your friends .
Thus , it fits perfectly for those people who have a bad relationship with their families .
They have to look for the needs provided by the family in other people whom they can trust .
In conclusion , from my point of view , it 's true that it is less probable to find negative feelings inside the family , like envy , refuse or hate .
So , if you tell a secret to your sister or your cousin , it 's almost obvious that they are n't going to spread it .
Even if you look for good advice , some members of your family could help you from the heart .
But , family does not always guarantee these functions , and neither do friends .
However , friends can be like a family and fulfil all these functions , too .
Therefore , I would just like to remark that family does not mean relatives , but those people with whom you can feel at home .
That is , in any place , suddenly you could find someone who could become your closest relative .
I decided to take a class at Liceo Oberdan to visit the Miramare harbor reserve .
It is a lovely place not far from our school , and I think it 's interesting in his natural habitat .
I decided to do this , in according to the biology teacher .
During this year she had explained the harbor world , in particular the world of Miramare , and I described the same things from the geographical aspects .
I was just a bit worried because there are 28 students in this class , but they are very respectful and clever .
We took the local bus and we arrived at this place at ten .
Here we found some very expert guides who took us on a good tour around the park and the harbor reserve .
All the students were interested in the information and they asked for a lot of explanations .
During this day , the students had the opportunity to hear very interesting things , but not in the same way as if they were in a class during a traditional frontal lesson .
They had improved their knowledge by having experience of the field .
I think that the students will not forget what they have learned very soon .
In recent years , whether using the internet is beneficial or not has never failed to attract people 's attention .
While many people believe that the internet brings a vast amount of problems , such as a reduction in interaction between people and some bad information sources , in contrast , I have a strong opinion that the internet brings many more benefits than drawbacks .
People should first recognize that searching for information these days is much more convenient than in the past .
We had to go to a library to spend a lot of time finding information we needed on the shelves before .
On the other hand , we can access the information with just a click nowadays .
Clearly , the assessment has become much more efficient with computers and the internet .
Yet , perhaps the strongest argument in favor of using the internet , is the vast amount of information contained on it .
All the information in the world can emerge immediately after a click .
Admittedly , some knowledge is not accurate and logical enough , but it still offers us many other useful sources .
At the same time , some sources contain pornography and violent information , which makes many people afraid of using the internet to search for information .
Nevertheless , it remains a good way to store and supply information which hoped to have more flows in the future .
I think one of the important historical places in Japan is the Kiyomizu temple in Kyoto .
It is well - known as a vast beautiful Buddhist temple in Japan , and it 's also famous among foreigners .
Kiyomizu temple was built in the middle of the Edo era .
It has five storeys and is one of the tallest historical buildings in Kyoto .
People can see a great Japanese view from there .
It is a great and famous sightseeing place and it is also an important place for Japanese culture .
Kiyomizu temple was used many times as a background for a lot of Japanese novels , paintings and historical dramas .
Artists think the top of the temple is good for creating a beautiful , nervous mood in stories or paintings .
Also , the temple gave rise to a Japanese proverb , which is " feel like falling from the top of Kiyomizu " .
It means " very scared and nervous " , because the temple is very tall and it gives people such a feeling .
Dear Mr Brown ,
I am sending you useful information about places of interest in Katowice , which you can show to your group .
I would recommend one of the most appealing scope , which is situated in a really attractive part of my city .
Starting with The Blue Palace , you can visit some other old buildings .
Hi !
How are you ?
Last weekend Fran celebrated his birthday at his country house .
He invited all of his friends .
A lot of people were playing in the swimming pool when I arrived , and other people were eating Mexican food .
Everything was perfect and the weather was hot .
Next week I am going to throw a similar party for my birthday .
It wo n't have a swimming pool , but it will have a barbecue .
You are invited , of course .
Dear Sir or Madam
I am writing in response to your advertisement which was published in the local newspaper .
I would like to apply for a job at a summer camp .
Currently , I am studying Computer Science at Adam Mickiewicz University in Poznan .
I am an energetic , creative and reliable person .
I have experience of working with children .
I worked at a nursery school in London last summer , which led to the improvement of my English skills .
There I learned how to work with young children .
I am also a very creative person , so I will not have any problems with organising activities and competitions for children . I am a reliable person and I can work under pressure .
In addition , I am used to working hard , so I can also help in the kitchen .
I am willing to learn new skills and develop my existing skills , so I will definitely be a suitable candidate for this job .
I am enclosing my CV , where you can find more details about my experience .
I look forward to hearing from you
Yours faithfully
Piotr Sobczak
Dear Director ;
Hello , I saw the job advertisement for the summer camp and I 'm really interested in working with you .
In the past , I have done many summer camps for kids between 5 and 9 years old , so I already have a lot of experience in this kind of job .
I am conscious of the essential elements you need to be familiar with when it comes to dealing with kids , such as , patience , charisma , kindness , empathy , etc ; and I would be delighted to be part of your team .
I really hope you consider me as a good option for the job .
I 'll be happy to receive your answer .
Sincerely ,
Regina
Hi Shannon !
It 's nice to hear from you . As soon as you arrive there are some secure options for you .
First of all , you can use a taxi and give the address you have to the driver , this is an expensive ( but easy ) option .
On the other hand , you have the public service called Metrobus , and in this case you will hop off the bus a few times . When you arrive you must find the A - line , go to the Patriotismo station ( C line ) , then go to the delta station and walk to # 76 Acrone Street .
If you love extreme travel , I recommend Mexico 's city subway . It 's easy because there is a station in front of my house , so you need to go to the a-2 subway and go to Génova station ( it 's important to say that in the airport you have access to each one of the options ) .
If I were you , I would choose the subway because the weather in Mexico is too hot , so , I think you do n't want to feel the sun after your tiring trip .
If you need more information about it , please call me when you arrive .
Best wishes .
Omar .
In the last ten years , Brazil has created a wide range of governmental programmes .
Educational and medical assistance , as well as iinfrastructure improvements are some of the recent advancements .
One of the best examples in education has been a scholarship programme called Science Without Borders .
It offers students a unique opportunity to study abroad and acquiring an international standard qualification .
In addition to this , it provides them with access to the newest research developments .
As a consequence of this investment , the state is contributing to the improvement of the careers of Brazilian professionals .
On the other hand , a problem could stem from the lack of incentives for the nationwide educational institutions .
This problem would be the low level of the national education .
Therefore , in order to avoid giving rise to any further complications , the Brazilian authorities should bear in mind the development of both national and international programmes .
As a result , quality would be guaranteed .
Dear Sir / Madam :
I am writing because I recently saw your advertisement and I am interested in it .
I have some free months and I want to earn some money .
I am studying Civil Engineering and I am a very energetic person , and I think that this ability is essential for the job that you are seeking to fill .
Another important aspect is that I am a good organizer and I am a good team worker .
Another important reason is that I want to have some money for personal things .
For all the reasons that I have given you , I am sure that this summer would be good for me , and for the Summer Camp .
I think that it is a really good option to get experience and to do different and interesting things , like organise sports activities and fun activities for children .
I enclose my personal contact information and hope for a positive answer from you .
Yours faithfully ,
Selene Porras .
Topic : A Horrible Nightmare
In the evening , my classmate phoned me and said , " There is an exciting film on TV now ! "
He did n't mention it was a horror movie .
When I watched until the middle of the film , it was scary .
But I could n't find the remote control . I could n't switch off the TV and I watched the whole film .
I went to bed and fell asleep .
A while later , I discovered I was in a huge old museum .
There were a lot of ancient things , such as clocks , cars , weapons .
Then , some skeletons and dead people came out and chased me .
Fortunately , I got an old machine gun .
And shot them all dead .
But I fell into a grave .
It was very dark .
I screamed my lungs out .
I woke up in shock .
Finally , my mother comforted me and gave me a glass of warm milk .
She told me not to watch horror movies again .
Dear all ,
I found your advertisement in the newspaper and I am very interested in working in your summer camps .
I think I am the right person for you .
My name is Misa and I am 25 years old .
I am studying at the Czech Agriculture University in the final year .
I have already worked in a similar position on a camp several times and looked after children aged 8 - 12 .
I usually played games with them and talked to them for whole days .
In the evenings , we played special games which we usually had not played before .
Because I want to improve my language skills , I want to go with you on a camp .
I heard that the children who attend your camps are from all over the world .
My biggest dream is to speak French fluently .
I am a very good hard worker and I do not have any problems with working in kitchens and preparing the meals for the children and my colleagues .
I am looking forward to your reply .
Kind regards .
Plan
1 ) tell Alison that I 'm glad to help her .
2 ) explain which dishes Italians usually eat and at what time of the day .
3 ) conclusion
Hi Alison , of course I 'll help you .
I think it 's very interesting to discover how foreign people usually eat .
It is another way to discover a culture .
To start the day , Italians generally have a strong coffee and some biscuit or a slice of bread .
It 's typical to eat pasta as a starter at lunch .
It is cooked in different ways .
It is common to have meat as a main course .
To finish lunch in Italy , we eat fruit .
In my country we have dinner late as a rule .
It 's more common to eat pizza .
We have it as a take away or we go to a pizzeria .
I hope this information will be useful to you .
Take care
Maurizio
About me
Hello !
My name is Theodor Forsberg and I am 13 years old .
I live in Stocksund with my mom , Anna - Karin , and in Djursholm with my dad , Lukas , and my little brother Jonathan .
In my spare time , I like to play hockey and be with friends .
I play hockey almost every day and I love it . I started to play hockey when I was nine and a half , so I was not as good as everybody else , but that did not stop me .
I started to play hockey when I was nine and a half , so I was not as good as everybody else , but that did not stop me .
I have played a lot of other sports , like Karate , Soccer , Tennis and indoor bandy .
A lot of my close friends that I went to Stocksund Skolan with and that I played hockey with went to Samskolan , but that is a little bit too far away , so I decided to go to Friberga instead .
I really like the school and it is going well so far .
I have always been really good at English .
And I think that I am good at it because I watch a lot of TV shows in English .
The things I like the most about myself are probably my hair , legs , mouth and hands .
-THEODOR FORSBERG
Have you ever been worried that you do n't have enough time to study in the day ?
Or maybe you do n't have a study plan that works ?
Well here are some advice and ideas that have worked for me .
First of all , make a to - do list of all your activities and routines .
That 's the easy part .
Do n't forget to recognise the most activities and tasks for you .
It 's very important , because if you do n't do that , it 'll never work .
You have to set a time to do your tasks .
For instance , when you stay at university class or something like that , you should remember how much time you have to do it .
Finally , it depends on what works for you , because you have to constantly remember the time that you do your tasks .
It was late at night and Michael went surrounded with deep darkness to the edge of the forest .
The visibility was very poor because the moon was hiding behind dark grey shadows , but Michael went on memory .
Suddenly , a tumbledown cottage emerged from the darkness .
Michael took two little steps and heard the wail of the wind .
But it was n't the wind .
Someone was singing a sad song .
He felt a rage and a fear of discovery . " Why is she singing ?
Is she mad ?
The Nazis could be everywhere , " he thought , and unlocked the door with a little key .
" Stop the singing !
" he whispered , " someone might hear it . "
Then he calmed down and took a little packet out of his pocket and put it on the floor .
There were two slices of a bread and a little apple inside the packet .
He was starving more then ever since he had hidden a young Jewish woman .
On the other hand , she was related to him by blood and how could he say No ! when she came and begged him for help .
She said nothing and made herself invisible .
He entered and decided that he would stay over the night .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Well , since my childhood I have always loved weapons . My father gave me my first rifle when I was 7 , but it was n't until I was 15 that I found my real passion , and it was archery . Since that day I am proud to say that I am an archer , and that archery is my favorite sport .
I just love it when you take your bow and prepare to shoot an arrow , and before shooting it you are part of the bow , and you feel that the bow is a part of your body . After that , when you shoot the arrow , you are able to see the curve that it makes before hitting the target . I would say this is why I love this sport and why I enjoy it so much .
If I had the opportunity of giving some advice to a person that is starting in this sport , I would tell him to not give up , because this is n't an easy sport , and it is more mental than physical .
I think that you made a great choice by visiting Timisoara .
One of the most beautiful places that you can visit in this town is the Roman - Catholic Cathedral , located in Unirii Square .
I should present a little bit of the history of it .
After more than seven hundred years , in 1733 , the Roman Catholic bishop 's residence was moved from Cenad to Timisoara , where the first cathedral became the church of Jesuit monks .
The design of the current cathedral was realized in the baroque style of Vienna .
The cathedral has a height of 55 m. The cathedral was raised to the rank of first church of Timisoara by the empress Maria Tereza in 1756 . What is very interesting to see is a painting made by Michelangelo Uterberger showing Saint Gheorghe riding and fighting with the basilisk .
The visitors programme is from Monday to Sunday , from ten o'clock a.m to six p.m. And the phone number you can call for more information is 0040212345678 .
PEOPLE 's LIVES WILL CHANGE DRAMATICALLY IN THE NEXT 50 YEARS .
This essay discusses the advantages and disadvantages that we will find in the next 50 years .
It will consider some relevant things which will be completely changed in the future , as well as arguing and explaining the pros and cons of everything .
First of all , one of the biggest changes in the medium term will be transport .
Road transport as we know it nowadays will die out .
Instead of it , imaginary road networks will be built in our air space .
Furthermore , the environment will suffer the terrible effects of our current lifestyle .
Consequently , protective clothes , which will be made with materials and NASA technology , will be worn by the future population .
This will be so because of the pollution and the radiation that will exist and the increase in global warning .
On the other hand , the benefits in health will be significant .
In fact , the development of different vaccines will mean that it will be possible to get over a great number of diseases .
To sum up , it is vital that , nowadays , we think about our future .
If we develop our different areas of knowledge , we will achieve a better world .
It is high time we changed our lifestyle .
My idol was , is , and always will be Justin Bieber .
I remember the first time that I saw his videos . I did n't write his last name correctly and I could n't find him on YouTube .
It started when I was 12 or 13 years old , his music meant everything to me .
He was always talking about following your dreams and never giving up .
In 2014 , I met a couple from One Direction called Larry Stylinson but they could n't " come out " because of their managers .
I admire them because no matter what their managers make them go through , they always find a way to show us how much they love each other and how much they want to be free .
I really hope in this " hiatus " , this is what they called their break , they can be happy and spend time together without fake girlfriends , managers or the media around them .
I want them to be happy .
Anyway , talking about Justin again , I 'm so proud of him , 2016 is his year and no one can deny that .
Famous people live in a completely different way than ordinary people .
It is believed they are extraordinary , perfectly beautiful and incredibly happy like we see in their photos in magazines and on TV .
Everybody longs to be a well - known and admired person leading a rich and carefree life .
Unfortunately , in reality it is n't so amazing as it seems to be .
There are a lot of disadvantages to being a star , which normal people do n't realise . For example , not having a private life .
There are a lot of different viewpoints and I would like to consider them .
Famous people haven't got private lives .
Almost their every secret comes out and they are still judged , criticised or mocked .
Journalists and paparazzi constantly follow them and try to catch them in a stupid situation and enhance the the value of them .
Everybody makes mistakes , but their mistakes are written about and known by society , which is unfair and harmful .
They deserve to have a normal life , have secrets , a moment of peace without curiosity around them .
Being all the time at the centre of attention is incredibly overwhelming .
It can lead to being touchy and gloomy .
That is why a lot of big names suffer from depression or even try to take their life .
On the other hand , this is the price of celebrity and they should just reconcile themselves to this .
They have so much compared with ordinary people . That 's why I think it would be unfair if they also had a private life .
People can not have everything and live as they want .
They ought to appreciate what they have and stop complaining about their life , because there are plenty of people , who dream of being them .
Famous people have to consider how many humans suffer from famine or work very hard to earn their living .
They have not got expensive cars , detached houses , they ca n't afford to travel and their only entertainment is watching TV .
They should remember they are lucky devils not , as they often think , victims .
To sum up , it is hard to simply claim that famous people deserve to have a private life and to be left alone by paparazzi .
Everyone , from time to time , needs a moment of peace to relax and renew their strength .
However , nobody has everything they dreamed of ; it is normal that always in our lives something will annoy us .
Famous people have to notice how much they have , appreciate it and stop complaining about not having a private life , because it is not such a disaster as they often think .
Day by day , the power of consumption increases more and more and one of the areas you can see this is in the traffic .
People who have the resources to buy or hire something and are looking for convenience have a great desire to buy a car .
The poor quality of public transportation and the lack of options like underground and train , helps people choose to use a car .
These things make us think about whether public transport has a future . After all , to do all the things you need in your routine , like to go to work , to go shopping or just to go out with the family , it is more convenient by car than by bus .
Cars nowadays have technology that allows both drivers and passengers to have a better journey while listening to music or using the internet without having to spend hours standing during the journey .
The government needs to invest in better conditions on public transport , with more options for the transportation of citizens , in order to make it easier to go from one place to another , and harder to choose between a car or a bus .
Everything has two sides and the choice of transportation is not an exception .
People have been debating about whether the private car or public transport is the first choice in recent years .
While reasons can be given to justify the latter , I am in favour of the former .
Firstly , travelling by train , metro or bus can lead to the reduction of gasoline consumption .
As a result , they offer low fares and play an important role in environmental protection .
It was reported that for one hundred kilometers , each car consumed ten to thirteen liters of gasoline , and released a certain proportion of air pollution .
Meanwhile , with the same amount of fuel , a bus carries fifty people , and even up to as high as hundreds of people with mass transportation .
Secondly , it can not be denied that travelling by car is convenient , but people who agree with the idea point out that high - quality and modern public transport such as the Shingasen in Japan or TGV in Europe are much more comfortable .
Trains or MRTs
can also satisfy passengers who can not travel by plane and need to take long - distance journeys .
There are some places in developing countries , for example , in remote or highland areas , where people have not seen a car for many years . They have no choice apart from old buses to travel .
In conclusion , public transportation will still be the first choice of people in the future .
Nowadays , higher education is becoming more and more necessary for starting a good career .
Let 's consider the attitudes to education and study in Russia and Australia .
There are some similarities . However , differences in the educational system cause differences in the attitudes to education .
University education is valuable in Australia , just like in Russia .
In general , most employers prefer applicants who have achieved an academic degree .
This attitude is quite similar in many countries .
During our last English lesson we talked about the future of public transport .
It was not an easy task to figure out if there is a future or not .
The most important argument was that travelling by car is much more convenient .
The fact that you can travel anywhere at any time is undeniable .
If you want to buy some vegetables for your dinner , you will have to wait until the next train arrives at your station .
Due to the fact that our lifestyle is getting faster , nobody will have the time .
So , in the near future , there will no longer be a use for public transport .
Michael was one of the greatest drivers of all time .
He started his career when he was sixteen years old through kart competitions .
After only three years , he joined the Benetton formula one team and two years later he won his first driver championship .
After winning another title , he signed a contract with the Ferrari team .
At that point , his work became very hard and stressful because , at that time , Ferrari was n't a very good car . In fact , that car was only able to go fast on straight circuits .
Michael showed his strength and his attention to detail , working days and nights with his engineers .
Three years later , after intense work , Michael started to put his feet on the podium again .
In 2000 , he won his third driver championship with Ferrari and also won it consecutively for three years .
Then Ferrari and Michael decided on a new collaboration , so the greatest became a test driver and tried to improve the car outside of the races .
In the meantime , his mind always thought of Mercedes because of his youngest dreams .
Like every German , since he was a young driver , he had dreamed of being a championship driver with the national car .
To summarize , he arranged a meeting with the head of Ferrari and the press because he would like to announce his definitive
retirement .
This , unfortunately , was only an excuse . He was only pretending to retire as he had already signed a contract to drive Mercedes .
At the end of the meeting , Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
So many people around me think that spending community taxes on public transport makes no sense .
These people usually give arguments such as that the public transport is never on time , or that it is difficult to get to your destination using it and without having to take 3 different routes , or even that public transport is not as suitable for a made - up short - notice trip as a private car can be .
In my opinion , these arguments depend on how efficiently designed the public transport system is , taking into account number of routes , timetables , cost of the tickets and facilities for users who use it frequently .
The benefits that a good public transport system gives to the community are quite well known : a significant reduction in pollutant gases , a high decrease in noise pollution , as well as , as a consequence of having fewer cars circulating on our streets , an increase in pedestrian areas used by pedestrians for healthy activities such as walking , running or cycling .
All these benefits will surely contribute to a better future for all the habitants , so let 's give public transport a chance .
My town is called Bra and it is a small town situated in Piedmont near Langhe .
The city only began to take care of the environment in the last ten years when the studies created technologies aimed at not causing pollution .
In this area there are many fields where wind turbines have been built to use the wind and generate electricity .
On the roofs of the supermarkets there are solar panels and they exploit the sun to produce energy .
These means of generating renewable energy are better than the old methods because they do n't pollute .
All surfaces are used in the best way possible .
There are many green parks where you can do sports and other activities without polluting .
Cars are n't used any more because there are many places where you can rent a bicycle , and naturally , it is free .
During the winter the means of transport are efficient and not very expensive , so people can not use their cars .
The text discusses some kinds of Asian bamboo that have a unique flowering and seeding cycle . These cycles only happen at long intervals and all the members of the species tend to flower and then seed at the same time .
And if we consider the speech where the woman said that , at present , this phenomenon is a problem , because this bamboo is the main source of food for the Giant Panda that still lives in the jungle .
The Giant Panda is an endangered species . The pandas have to survive the hunters and the destruction of their habitat by humans .
Besides , when the bamboos flower and seed , they die , so the new bamboos growing enough to be eaten by the pandas takes a long time , and this fact forces the pandas to move to new places in order to look for food .
Therefore , the risks of the extinction of the Giant Panda are real .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
My name is Fabio Rendón and I am from Spain .
I am on the point of finishing my Engineering degree in Mining Engineering , specializing in energy , at Vigo University .
I am currently carrying out my Final Project as well as preparing for the First Certificate Exam , planned for July and June , respectively .
I would love to improve both my practical knowledge about renewable energies and my English level , and I firmly believe that the Erasmus internship programme could be the best option for me to achieve these goals .
Thus , the aim of this letter is to explore the possibility of getting an internship at your company .
In this programme , the trainee carries out different tasks supervised by a company tutor and also advised by a university tutor .
The trainee receives a grant to help to cover subsistence costs , so the company is not required to pay him a salary .
Furthermore , as the programme is endorsed by the European Union , the trainee has accident and liability insurance .
As for the duration , the internship can last from a minimum of 2 months up to 12 months , 3 months being the period covered by the subsistence grant .
I will be completely available to do the internship from next September onwards .
I can assure you that I will put all my effort into learning and making the most of my stay at your company .
I hope you will consider my application and look forward to hearing from you .
Yours faithfully ,
Fabio
Dear Jo , I do n't know if your plan is a good idea .
These days Italy has quite a big problem with unemployment . It 's very difficult to find a job and most people find jobs in supermarkets .
If you want to try , you can ask in some hotel : you are a native English speaker and you could welcome guests at the reception .
I live in Valpolicella , a famous region for wine , and I have already worked in a four - star hotel for high school .
It was a good experience . The hotel had every comfort you can imagine : a restaurant , a spa , a gym , indoor and outdoor swimming pools , a beauty center and a church .
The personnel were n't so helpful , but luckily someone gave me some advice , especially the porter , Artan .
He was friendly and liked Metal Music like me , so we always talked about our favourite groups .
I do n't know if he still works there , but I 'm sure that you could find him a great support .
Valpolicella has many sights that are worth seeing : first of all is Lake Garda , a lake with a famous phallic shape which divides three different regions ( Veneto , Trentino and Lombardy ) .
Orlando Duque , with the desire to come to the World Cup in 2017
Colombian became the first diver to win a world cup in the high - jump .
Orlando Duque //Red Bull
Orlando Duque , the Colombian diver , who is the high - jump champion of the FINA World Cup 2014 , stated that since 2007 he has been thinking about retirement even though he feels the strength and desire to go to the World Cup in 2017 in Guadalajara , México .
" I have been thinking about retirement since 2007 . I have been lucky because I was injured and I got better " , said Duque during the press conference of the World Series that , this year , will end up in Mexico on 17th and 18th October , after the competition in Bilbao ( Spain ) .
Duque , who was born in Cali on September 11th 1974 , took a break in his career because of an injury to his right leg in 2011 , and after that , he returned in 2013 with the goal of winning the Barcelona World Cup and the FINA World Cup .
" I turned 40 three weeks ago . I feel motivated to train , and while I have the motivation I can continue ; now I do n't have an exact date ( … ) I just have set 2017 in Guadalajara " , said Duque , who was the first sportsman who won a world championship in falls from height .
" Jumps have been my life , I have spent all my life on jumps and it motivates me to do it , I want to continue " , explained Duque when he pointed out that he still has several screws in his right ankle and he is still lacking completely recovery .
" The event of the Natural Well of Ik Kil ( Yucatán ) of 2011 was the last one that I attended before the accident ; now , I am getting over the accident and I feel like I am at 70 per cent " , explained the Colombian sportsman who noted down February 2015 as the date to return .
The Colombian high - jumper presented in Mexico the one that will be the last stage of this series which is promoted by an energy drink in the Natural Well Ik Kil , in the Mexican state of Yucatán .
The Natural Well Ik Kil , which is located three kilometers away from the archeological zone of Chichén Itza , will be the final one of the Jumps season , 2014 , and in that season Duque and the Mexican Jonathan Paredes will face each other in order to be among the top five spots of the season .
The Britain Gary Hunt has already secured the prize for this series and the second to sixth places will be disputed between the Russian Artem Silchenko , the American Steven LoBue , the Colombian Duque , the Britain Blake Aldridge and the Mexican Paredes .
" The plan is to win this competition because I always compete to win .
I am in fourth place , but we are as close to the second as to the fourth ( in points ) so , the idea is jump very well even though the Natural Well is difficult because it is dark " , explained Duque about his plan for the event in the Ik kil on 17th and 18th October .
In the men 's test , the high - jumpers are thrown into the water from a height of 27 meters , whereas in the women 's competition the launch pad is placed at 20 meters .
My favorite sport is running .
You may ask why , of all the possible activities , this one was chosen .
Of course , I do not count running indoors , but only outdoors , while the breeze is blowing in one 's face during the exercise .
That is what I call a good activity .
There is not exactly a bad day for running , because even rainy days are excellent for a good run .
If one has sunny and windy weather , it is nice because the sun warms one up and the wind helps keep one fresh .
On the other hand , if it is rainy , the cold water cools one down and makes one feel less tired during one 's time running .
This is my favorite sport because it improves my health in many ways and boosts the immune system and quality of life .
The first times may be hard , in that they require training a sedentary person does not have .
There can be some pain and almost everybody becomes really exhausted at the beginning .
After the first trials , however , improvements are soon noticed and the results come quickly : better breathing , uninterrupted and quiet sleep , and an unmistakable sense of well - being .
It even helps reduce your belly !
Despite being a common and easy to do activity , running needs some care to prevent injuries and other disturbances as well .
Efficient sweat expeller socks help one reduce discomfort and keep one 's feet at a nice temperature .
Notwithstanding , a formidable pair of running shoes makes a huge difference if one plans to keep practising the sport for a long period .
Go to a doctor , ask him to analyse the type of step to make up with ideal footwear .
This way , there will be less trouble when doing the exercise .
I must say that , as a runner , I do not regret it at any time .
Anybody can do it , it is practical and simple , and goals can be set in accordance with the person 's needs and limitations .
Do not hesitate to go out and try it out !
Take that pair of sneakers and go for it !
I always considered football as art .
It does not matter how hard the players try to win , the only thing that matters is the result .
Players must be considered as a painter working on a piece of art .
Only the results will be recognized at the end .
It 's not the effort they have applied or all the hopes they had .
Their expectations will be considered useless .
People do n't stare at a painting in a museum thinking how hard the artist tried to do a good job , they will judge only it .
Do they like it or not ?
The crowd in the stadium only wants their team to win .
After that , if they played a good game it will be a plus .
Everything after a successful result will be a plus .
So , if someone is ever wondering to whether start playing this sport , they should be aware that lots of people will be expecting them to win .
I would recommend them to always remember that , so if things do n't turn out as they expected , they wo n't feel disappointed .
It 's all part of the game .
We are people and all of us must have a private life , including celebrities .
There is a great number of politicians and film stars who are followed by paparazzi who are trying to find out more about their private life .
I agree that film stars and famous politicians must have their free time because they are working for people everyday .
They must have some free time to have a rest without being seen .
It is quite hard to have a rest when journalists are trying to find out some exciting things about your private life .
On the other hand , famous politicians and film stars have chosen such a life .
It is a part of their everyday life , they are used to being in public and they are used to saying something about themselves on camera , so everyone will know about their life .
There are some moments when celebrities need some time to be with their families and friends and journalists must not disturb such moments .
Everybody must have free time to themselves .
Hey Jo !
How are you ?
Good to hear from you .
You want to come to Spain ? You should !
There are a lot of things to visit here .
You could do a tour of all the cities of Spain ' cos every one has something special that you must see .
Starting from the top , like Bilbao or Asturias .
You could do that and then , finish in Barcelona , where I live .
There I could be your tour guide and show you the best of the city .
Finally , if you want to find a job for three months , Barcelona is a good choice to stay in .
There are a lot of places where you could work for a short period of time . Being a waitress or something like that is well paid and not so difficult to do .
Hope that you follow my ideas and you like Spain .
See you soon !
Valeria
In the modern world , a company which has excellent staff is more competitive , and these employees are usually motivated .
Therefore , good leaders should know how to motivate their staff .
It is clear that staff would spend more time on their tasks if they were motivated by their boss , while unmotivated employees are more likely to put less effort into their jobs .
Generally speaking , there are two basic employee motivation methods : rewards involving money and non - financial rewards .
Many leaders believe that money is the best . However , from my own perspective , the non - financial rewards are the best approach to motivating employees and I will prove my opinion in this essay .
I had never been very frightened until one day when something strange happened .
One night , I was talking with my sister about her last trip around Europe . Her best friend , Michael , was also there .
My sister claimed that on her trip , she had seen completely astounding buildings , but while she was talking , we heard a very loud scream .
We did n't know what to do , so we only exchanged glances , then we decided to go out and see what had happened .
Outside , it was getting very cold and the sky was dark , so we could n't see anything but , nevertheless , we continued walking through the trees , when suddenly we saw a very big shadow in front of us .
At that moment we started to run , except Michael .
When we got into the house , my sister and I realized that Michael was n't there .
We were very surprised and scared at the same time .
Ana and I decided to go outside to look for Michael . When we went out , he was in front of the house , making strange sounds . When he saw us , he smiled at us in a malevolent way , then made us go back inside .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
My favorite sport is basketball .
I have numerous reasons why I choose this sport as my favorite .
One reason why I love this particular sport is because it 's based on cooperation .
For example , if you play basketball and the ball is passed regularly , then your team is more likely to win because passes cause confusion and exhaustion for the opposing team .
My advice to anyone who is starting this sport is to simply have fun .
On the other hand , if he chooses to play professionally , then he must try hard .
Regular exercise is potentionall so that he / she can build up strength and endurance .
To conclude , I hope my advice will be helpful for new beginners in this sport .
One of my favourite restaurants is one located in a delightful town called Ubeda .
The whole town is gorgeous and you seem to be in another era .
The restaurant has a very characterful decoration indeed , because you seem to be inside a train .
However , the most impressive thing is the range of flavours that explode inside your mouth .
My favourite one is a golden egg made of liver .
The connection between quality and price is plenty balanced .
In fact , there are always lots of people every day , so I recommend booking at least one week before going .
I know from personal experience that it is worth tasting the gourmet sampling menu .
I really think it is suitable for the class , because each one of us could know in advance how much we would pay to eat there and , besides , we could taste the main courses of this restaurant .
Without a shadow of a doubt , I am absolutely sure this would be the best option for our class .
I'VE NEVER BEEN SO THRILLED
I 'm not a great fan of films based on fictional , unrealistic facts and events .
I have always preferred to relax during some series or soap opera , but after watching ' Flushed ' , I changed my point of view .
If you haven't seen it yet , after reading this short text , you 'll go to the cinema if you only have a chance .
THE BIRTH OF A NEW STAR
I guess that the name Ann Smith tells you nothing .
And that 's obvious because it 's the first serious production by this young , promising director , whose ' Flushed " became a worldwide hit .
It is said that a well - known cast enabled her to be highly granted for her piece , but I have some doubts about that .
THE STRENGTH OF SPECIAL EFFECTS
And that 's why I find this movie so exciting .
An enormous number of additional attractions for viewers provided me with unforgettable feelings .
Everything came us a surprise and you did n't expect that this or that action would take place .
The movie requires us to be highly concentrated on what is going on and I find that to be one of the most conceiving factors for those who still have some objections .
The director gives a chance to broaden our minds and to come up with our own conclusion or maybe an imaginable ending to the gripping story .
RECOMMENDATONS
For me there is no better movie to be presented in our club .
Taking into consideration our interest in the field of thrillers , under no circumstances should we miss it !
The profile of millions of recent graduates and professional people in Spain is one of a young person , well prepared and without work who is thinking of going abroad as a good chance to get a job .
Working abroad can offer you a good opportunity . Maybe it would never happen in your own country instead .
Furthermore , as is well known , salaries are higher in other European countries than in Spain , so your living standard may improve the same as your career path .
On the other hand , going abroad without your family might be a really bad experience , because you may really miss them , maybe because you are not able to visit them as much as you can due to living far away from home .
The weather may be a disadvantage , as well .
For example , if you go to work in England , you can say goodbye to the bright and sunny Spanish days and say a big welcome to the frightful English weather and depression .
To sum up , the disadvantages of going abroad are greater than the advantages , but every cloud has a silver lining .
Maybe , many people who have studied did it to get a job opportunity in their own country , but that 's life .
All About me
Hi ! My name is Ester . I was born in Danderyd and
I have not moved since then .
I have got one sister . She is 15 years old and her name is Tina . She also goes to Fribergaskolan .
I also have a little rabbit who is called Frippe . He is so cute and cuddly .
But my dream is to own a horse because I love riding .
On
Fridays and Saturdays I go riding at the riding center
called " Djursholms ridskola " and on Sundays I often go
to my " carer horse " . It 's like your own horse for a day ( or more ) in the week and mine is on Saturdays .
My carer horse is named Wiggins , but he 's called Viggo .
Viggo is a fairly small , black pony .
He 's a little bit lazy but he loves to run fast , so he is lazy in a smart way .
I love him and I hope he loves me back .
When I was eight years old , I visited Thailand . It was wonderful and we stayed at a hotel so close to the beach I could nearly touch the sand from the pool .
We rode on Asian elephants and dived in the water .
One day we went out to three different islands in a diving group .
One of the islands was a cave and you had to swam into it . It was very beautiful .
When we were in Thailand , we saw many different animals ; everything from big leguans to rainbow fishes and deadly sea - snakes .
Every year at the sport - vaccination me , my mom and my sister go to Switzerland to go skiing in the Alps . It 's wonderful and really fun .
We have never seen a marmot , but I so want to .
We have been to Champéry a couple of times .
In Champéry you can ski over to France , which is awesome .
We have also been to Verbier . I loved the cabin we slept in there .
It was very big but was cozy at the same time .
Three words that describe me best are , perhaps , animal lover , happy and a perfectionist .
It 's hard to say something like that about yourself .
A weakness I would like to overcome is that I often think or say " I will do that later " and never do it or say the same thing when it 's time to do it .
That is really annoying for my mom and others .
I like food , especially Italian food . It is my favorite food to eat .
And of all Italian food I like pizza ( thin with tuna ) or some delicious pasta the most .
My favorite restaurant is " La Piazza " in Djurholm and it is , of course , Italian . I have actually been to Italy twice , to Rome and Florence and to a small town named Lucignano in the countryside .
I think that 's my favorite country too .
When we were there last summer , I saw an endangered and rare bird which is called a Hoopoe .
It was beautiful and had like a mohawk of orange feathers on its head .
I like to read too . My favorite type of book is horse books or just random books . It 's hard to explain , but I mean books with everyday action not science - fiction or romance .
Some of the books I like are " Only Way is Up " and " Steal the Show " and were written by Emmy Abrahamson . I think she is a very good author . Another author I like is John Boyne who wrote " The Terrible Thing that Happened to Barnaby Brocket " .
Right now I am reading a book called " The Maze runner " . It is very exciting .
When I grow up I want to be a vet . It would be a dream come true for me . I hope I will go to other countries , like Australia , and work there as a vet for a couple of years . I have never been scared of blood or anything like that , and I would love to have a job I think is fun lifetime out .
Another dream job for me would be art - director .
I love to design presentations and edit things on the computer , but also in real life , like my room , clip - art and more .
Parkour is a discipline in which the main purpose is to train your body and mind to be able to pass through a point A to point B , in any kind of environment , the safest and fastest way , without causing any harm to your body .
Parkour was developed in Lisses , France , around the 1980 's .
One of the foundations used to develop Parkour was the Natural Method , created by Georges Hébert .
Basically , the method is based on developing the main foundations of movement of the human body . These are : swim , run , walk , jump , quadruped movement , climb , lift things , balance and defend yourself .
Raimond Belle was a former Vietnam soldier and worked as a fireman in the French army .
He had a great background in gymnastics and , from a teenager , he used to do a lot of exercises .
The roots of Parkour were developed by him and he taught some Parkour techniques to the firemen who he used to work with .
His son , David Belle , was taught some of the foundations of Parkour too .
David and a group of friends tried to adapt this techniques to the urban environment , and then the current Parkour was born .
Some people say that David created Parkour but , in fact , his father developed all the ideas of the discipline .
David adapted it to the urban environment and created new moves .
Parkour is n't just a physical discipline , there is also the philosophical part . Altruism , " be strong to be useful " ( it is actually a phrase from the Natural Method ) , develop your body and mind so that , in a dangerous situation , you will be able to save yourself and other people , and so on .
Therefore , it is due to its philosophy and the joy that I feel before , during and after a training session , that Parkour is my favorite sport .
Nowadays , our society has become very lazy due to the use of the car or the motorbike .
There are fewer people who use public transport in the city because they prefer travelling by car rather than on public transport .
For this reason , the use of public transport is going down , and some experts say that there is no future for public transport .
For a lot of people , travelling in your own car is more comfortable than travelling by public transport like buses or the metro , because you do not depend on a schedule , which is very common when you take public transport .
In addition , when you travel in your own car , you save a lot of time during the journey .
However , public transport also has advantages .
On the one hand , public transport helps you avoid wasting money , because the price of the ticket is not very expensive .
On the other hand , travelling by metro or bus pollutes less than going by car .
The reason is that when you use a car , you normally go on your own and when you travel by metro or bus , a lot of people travel at the same time as you .
In my opinion , there are more people who travel by car every day , even for short journeys .
For me , people have become very lazy and they prefer the car rather than public transport , because you can take the car when you want and go where you want without spending hours waiting for the bus .
The consequence of this is that , in the near future , public transport will disappear .
The company ensures the quality of water from production to distribution .
The product will be registered with the Ministry of Health and Sri Lanka Standards Association and adhere to their rules and regulations for production , storage and distribution .
We will not compromise the quality of the production process or the product in any way .
The company will ensure low negative environmental impact due to the production process .
The company will set the retail price at the same as other bottled water products on the market .
But we will give a good price to retailers and hotels to sell our products more in market .
The direct supplies to offices , households and hotels will also be given a good price for the delivery service .
We will rent water dispensers with a maintenance service to required customers in future to attract more customers .
During the last century , our way of life has changed completely , even in villages .
For example , cars are the main kind of transport . Because of this , most families have more than one .
However , changes always have a negative side .
According to the latest studies , pollution has increased this year in the biggest cities whereas it has gone down in villages .
On the other hand , cities are more worried about how to recycle their rubbish than villages .
To resolve this problem , my village has created a plan to teach its population how important it is to take care of the environment and how to do it .
For this reason , we have new containers to separate all rubbish : we have to throw away bottles , cans and cartons into the yellow bin ; paper and cardboard go in the blue bin and there is another one for glass .
Food and other things are thrown into the green container .
The council also has put over one hundred bins around the village to keep our streets clean .
At school , children are learning how to use less water or electricity at home .
Turn off the lights when you leave a room and do not waste water while you are brushing your teeth are some of the advice .
I hope these simple actions can be used by other people because the environment needs us to work together for a better world .
Let me introduce our city curiosity .
Our town is often connected with Tomáš Baťa .
He made our town well known and he had a shoe factory built here .
The name of the factory is Baťa .
How interesting !
Anyway , he built a skyscraper , which is called 21 .
And what is inside that building ?
There are some offices .
But that 's not the most interesting thing !
Tomáš Baťa had his own office , but do you know what is a little bit strange ?
His office is built as a lift !
But that 's great !
He had to supervise his employees and this way did n't take him so much time .
But that 's not all ...
When you get to the last floor , there 's a large terrace and cafe .
You can see a beautiful panorama of our town .
It 's an unforgettable experience .
You can have a delicious coffee , tea or cake and you can admire the beauty .
It may not be your cup of tea , but I think it 's the most interesting and beautiful place in our town . I 'm looking forward to seeing you !
When visiting Copenhagen during summer time , there is a huge variety of shops and restaurants that will give you a sense of the Copenhagen lifestyle .
Start your day by joining the many joggers along the city lakes . There is a small cafe , " Kaffe Salonen " , where you can grab a coffee to - go and enjoy the morning sun on one of the many benches looking out on to the lakes and many birds .
Afterwards , take the bridge over the lakes and enjoy a full day of shopping .
Lining the streets are small second - hand shops , cafes , markets and boutiques that are visited by the local people daily .
If you get tired of wandering the streets , then you can always enter the big shopping store , Magasin , for more indoor shopping .
The shops close at between six and eight o'clock in the evening .
When you are tired of shopping , take the bus to the West Side of Copenhagen where there is a vast choice of restaurants ; everything from Italian to Chinese to Danish cuisine .
If you like an evening stroll or a night out , walk through Istedgade for a glimpse of the old Copenhagen and the nightlife it offers .
Do we need fashion ?
Fashion is a popular topic .
We all wear clothes , do n't we ?
And most people think about what they wear , although some do n't care about their clothing .
What happens when we all just have to wear the same clothes ?
Do we really need fashion ?
I talked about this topic with a few other students and asked them what there opinion was .
In the following paragraphs I 'll tell you what they told me .
The first question we discussed was : ' Does it exist just to make money for clothing designers and manufacturers ? '
Their opinions varied a bit here .
An argument some used was : ' In case we removed this whole industry , then there would be a humongous group of people unemployed , and that would be a problem . '
The others answered on this with the question : ' When does a company start making something just because they want something to do ? '
This question made the other group think a bit , and they did agree that a company does n't just start making something to have something to do .
This made them all agree that fashion is there for a reason , and not only for money .
Next we talked about the following question : ' Does it have too much effect on models ? ' They did n't have to think about their opinion . They all directly said ' Yes ' .
They said that if you wanted to be a model , you had to fit in a size of clothing which is really small .
There is an immense group of girls who really want to be models . Because of the fact that they do n't fit into this clothing yet , they have to lose weight .
A lot of girls are losing too much weight right then because they want to be ' perfect ' , and get anorexia and those things .
The next question which we talked about was : ' Does it have too much influence on young people ? '
Here they all directly responded with a ' yes ' too .
In their opinion , young people , including themselves , are very busy with fashion and clothes .
An example on which they all agreed was : ' In case you just met your new class , and you had to choose who you had to sit next to , most people would sit next to the girl or boy with the trendy clothes ' .
Some said that it even happened that people just bought a particular kind of clothing , just because they thought they would have more friends then .
The next question was : ' Does it make society materialistic and competitive ? '
The students were a bit uncertain but agreed on the fact that people who have stylish clothes are usually the most popular .
And there are a lot of people who want to be popular , so they are going to buy trendy clothing .
The last and probably the most difficult question we discussed was : ' Does it affect the way you dress and the kinds of clothes you buy ? '
They all said it kind of did affect . them However , they also bought clothes they liked .
I asked them the question : ' If you liked a piece of clothing but your friends did n't , would you then buy it ? '
They all said yes , but with a little doubt .
So , we do kind of need fashion .
But how do we decide on which clothes we wear ?
And do you have to like your clothes or someone else 's ?
Maybe we should keep in mind that we should wear clothes in which we feel okay .
It was a lovely sunny day .
I had been gardening since the beginning of the morning , when the postman arrived .
At that moment , my dog was playing with a ball that was small and green .
The postman took the letter from his bag , and then , gave me the letter .
I was so surprised !
I was not expecting any letters .
Suddenly , I felt so nervous and I did not know why .
That letter has changed my whole life .
I totally do not agree with the statement that there is no future for public transportation because of the existence of cars .
The general public are using public transportation more than before .
Students who are not allowed to drive are still using public transportation and they always will do .
Moreover , the traffic in areas such as downtown forces people to use public transportation like trains , since the trains are faster .
Insurance is so expensive in North America , most householders do not use a car because of insurance , and also because of added costs like fixing the cars , changing car oil etc .
Furthermore , the government are enhancing public transportation services . They are providing them at a lower cost . The fairs for rides on public transportation are less than the cost of driving a car the same distance .
Finally , none will argue about the benefit of using cars over public transportation , but that does not exclude public transportation .
Hi Paul ,
how are you ? I hope that everything is all right .
I am writing as I promised .
The concert was great !
The best I 've ever been to .
Although I was watching it from backstage , the atmosphere was the same as if I 'd been watching it in front of the stage together with other fans .
There was a lot of work during the concert preparation .
We had to check if everything was correct : sound , light , special effects .
Besides , we had to see if the band had everything that they needed : something to eat and to drink . I was responsible for that .
It was the hardest thing !
I had to satisfy all of the whims of the stars .
It was an unforgettable experience . I will never forget it .
The opportunity to meet my idols in real life was the most exciting .
I will tell you everything when we meet !
Hugs and kisses ,
Ania
CLAIM
Attached we return to you text of the doctoral thesis of , directed by Dr. , requesting you to fill out the detailed report of evaluation , also enclosed .
We explicitly point out that this report is compulsory to proceed with the necessary arrangements for the deposit of the thesis .
If you have any incident on receipt of it , we kindly ask you to inform us , to put it in order as soon as possible .
Yours Sincerely
The vacation is what we have waited for for three long months of hard study , homework , tests and more .
Even though we have finished the term exams , they only gave us a week free .
I did not do everything I wanted because I was forced by my parents to go to Boquete .
The day we finished our last exam , I was not sure what to do . First a friend was not talking to me , because someone told her a lie , so we went to yogen fruz to talk , then I went to the gym and walked to Gabo 's house and then Dani 's .
From there we went to the mall , and finally , to Juanca 's house .
Friday , I spent the day with my mom and later I went to a friend 's house with Juanca , Oliver , and others .
Saturday , I helped a friend with his party and made 64 dollars .
Sunday , I went to the mall with the same people .
The group is named Hogwarts .
From Monday to Friday I was in
Boquete , where I did nothing , and Saturday I came back .
That night , I went to Oz with my friends till 2 in the morning .
On the last day , I went to Nashla 's pool and ordered 50 chicken wings .
I did not do much .
The summary of my vacations is that the time I spent with friends I had a good time , but when I was with my family I got bored .
I do n't know if you remember the Nastaran thing .
But the same as I thought you 'd never love me for a long time , if you could ever do it , I always thought that Nastaran would be the girl of my life , if there were any .
But I lost her after a little kiss on the cheek on the first date .
Of course , after that I never thought that I ever had a chance .
But once , one of her friends told me that before the kiss , everything was going to be OK .
And I believed her .
And since then , it 's the most pain .
I know it may seem like a meanness on her part .
But it was n't .
Tonight she got the admission from Harvard .
Since I have a specific feeling now , I thought of sharing it with you .
I miss sharing things with you .
And I used English 'cause it would be more spoiled in Farsi .
Belarus is not a popular tourist destination nowadays , but a lot of people would be surprised to find the real medieval atmosphere in Grodno , a western city of the country .
Founded in the 12th century , it came through all the important events of Eastern European history , from the Tatar invasions to World War II , which was a real disaster .
Two ancient castles remind us of the times of kings and nobility , quiet pedestrian streets show us life as if it could be the 1800s .
Grodno is situated at the crossroads of great trading routes , that 's why one can hear Polish , Jewish , German , and Lithuanian there .
Its multi - ethnic population was the reason for organising and holding the Festival of National Cultures every two years .
It 's worth visiting because the traditions of the ancient Belarusian , Tatar , Russian , Jewish being shown make us feel history itself .
A city of different religions , different nationalities and " talking stones " is waiting for you .
REPORT ON SHOPPING FACILITIES IN MY TOWN
The reason Lagos remains a mega city is because of its abundant tourist centers .
The beautiful seaside and natural games reserve , or zoo , make it very attractive to tourist visitors .
A pleasurable tourist destination is not complete without a fascinating shopping center that has several facilities .
ATTRIBUTES OF SHOPPING FACILITIES
There are lots of shopping centers in my town with their own unique characteristics .
These include facilities like ample parking lots with very low charges or almost free of charge , elevator systems to access any area of the shopping malls if you are carrying very heavy loads of purchases , and relaxation spots like cinemas and gaming centers for kids .
In addition , most shopping malls do have enough space for their customers to move around without getting any clustering of people , as this is a statutory requirement when building a shopping mall .
SHOPPING RECOMMENDATIONS
As a matter of fact , Shop - rite is one of the best places , in my opinion , that I would advise people to visit .
Its products are more international and they offer a lot of discounts to tourist visitors .
Besides , this shop is not too far from the famous natural games reserve in the Lekki area of Lagos .
Another shopping center is the magnificent Lagos Island market .
This is where you will find several shops that sell most African traditional artifacts .
I would advise tourists to pay this market a visit to enable them to have choices of priceless products .
CONCLUSION
I hope from the explanations , I have been able to convince you of my opinion of the shopping centers in my town and their possible facilities , which abound as you take your time in considering visiting them .
In developed countries , four wheels have gained a lot of appreciation in everyday transportation .
In the capital cities of Europe one can easily notice how many people prefer their own means instead of the pushing crowd on public transportation .
It is , however , well known after a plethora of scientific publications that cars harm the environment dramatically .
On the other hand , modern citizens like to be part of the green revolution and our carbon footprint has an effect on everyday decision making .
Many organizations and public authorities encourage workers to use public means of transport to and from the workplace in order to minimize greenhouse gas emissions and save natural resources .
As a result , before private transportation reaches its peak for the 21st century , it is most probable that green mobility will overtake it and dominate in people 's choices .
There is a great future for public transport , the same as for cycling and travelling on foot , instead of cars and other polluting machines .
Dear Harry ,
I have just received your letter .
I 'm pretty excited about being in London from the 11th .
I 'm arriving at the train station at 6 o'clock in the morning .
Do n't worry about not recognising me because I haven't changed a lot in two years , but , to reassure you , I will be carrying a bright orange suitcase .
I 'm looking forward to meeting your family and , if we will be staying with Eileen , I want to bring her something .
What could it be ?
I would like to visit Big Ben and many other places that you suggest , but I do n't really want to see ordinary tourist sights , so if you could show me something that not everyone can find , I would appreciate that .
Write to me as soon as possible .
Yours ,
Ann .
The best places for young people to visit in New York ?
I am sure it is an easy task : here you can visit many entertaining facilities where you can find technology or culture , for example , and there are also many places to eat , dance , etc .
The Statue of Liberty is by far the most famous building in the city .
The great view it provides is incredible .
Times Square is a good site for shopping too , although the excessive amount of advertising is a little bit annoying .
Finally , the Metropolitan Museum of Art is a good place for people who like history , anthropology and seeing a lot of types of art .
Talking about places to eat or dance , near the Grand Station you can find the ' Num Pang ' , a good place to eat sandwiches .
Remarkably , teenagers like eating these and this is where you can find some of the best .
Around Central Park , there is one of my favourite bakeries : '
The Bouchon ' .
Many types of candy and cakes can be found there .
If you need more information , please tell me .
Have a good trip !
I entirely agree with the statement : travelling by car is much more convenient , because you can go wherever you want without waiting for a bus or train at a bus stop or station .
I think that travelling by car is also more inner and comfortable because you only travel with people you know .
Talking about money , the car is probably more convenient , even if you have to pay for fuel , highway and everything that is necessary for the maintenance of the car .
In contrast , if you use public transport , you have to pay expensive fares and buy different tickets .
There is no future for public transport because buses and trains are broken and dirty and people prefer to avoid them .
So , people prefer travelling by their own means of transport instead of paying to travel in a terrible way .
On the other hand , if we do n't use public transport and every person uses a car , pollution will increase a lot .
We can also say that with cars you have to find a parking space , so you can waste time and sometimes pay for that .
Finally , we should use public transport to reduce pollution , but it should be better supervised and maintained .
I agree with the statement , that famous people deserve to have a private life without journalists following them all the time .
Fame is a choice of many people ; it was their dream .
But it does n't mean they haven't got some rights to have private lives .
Many of them have got family members who do n't want to have anything in common with fame .
Usually , journalists also follow them all the time .
It 's very important to remember if you 're famous , you should protect your family .
Sometimes it happens that journalists write some silly gossip about famous people which is not true .
It may be a danger for the family of a celebrity , politician , famous person , and because of it some could break up .
But on the other hand , being famous is a free choice for many people .
They want to be rich and famous and they know that journalist will follow them .
But sometimes it does n't depend on us .
If you 're a queen , a member of a royal family , from your birth you 'll be observed by the press and magazines .
It 's a price of being famous .
Although it does n't mean that the press should write about your private life .
Public activity is one of the most important things .
In my opinion , the television has an important role in society because it can influence people 's lives .
I mean some people watch television to entertain themselves but others maybe watch it to learn a new language through the different programs that television offers or just use subtitles to make it simple .
A lot of important news can be shown to people around the world by TV .
It 's important to know what is happening in the world , because it can enrich your knowledge culturally , politically , etc .
Besides , you need to know if a conflict is developing at the moment or if a lot of serious situations are occurring in your country .
Children learn a lot of things through cartoons , it can help them to improve their speaking and to learn new vocabulary .
The television is one of the most important media .
So , for that reason , I think television can entertain and also educate .
I 'd like to add that television can be the refuge of a person if they 're sad or a break for someone 's in their free time .
Watching TV can be funny and nice , but watching it in excess can be bad and not healthy for your life .
I have always believed I can become an engineer and computer technician to invent more things since I was small .
After I received more and more information about some successful engineers and inventors such as Steve Jobs , I realizes that , no matter who you are and how smart you are , you can not live without a healthy body .
Consequently , I believe physical development is a necessity in secondary school life and I was so grateful to for providing me with opportunities to do extra - curricular activities .
I like the feeling of getting sweaty and have a great passion for swimming .
Therefore , to keep my body healthy and my interest , I have kept taking part in the School Aquathon since I was in the second one . I participate in the same events each year .
It allows me to know my body 's condition and whether I have relapsed .
Besides , it gives me a motivation to train harder and never think of giving up , and that I need to keep up my swimming training every year and reminds me of the importance of a healthy body .
Also , under the harsh training , it trains my willpower and goal - setting .
I learnt how to set a proper goal as it is a significant factor in success .
This goal pushes me to do better and better each time .
I realized that you will make a concession if you do not improve after taking part in the School Aquathon and saw others improve and not just me .
I think learning and trying different kinds of things can change my school life to make it more colorful .
School work and examinations give me huge pressure , so I found a way to strike a balance when I learnt to do windsurfing .
In my opinion , windsurfing is special and indispensable to me .
When I step on the surf board , all my vexation and misgivings are gone .
On the recommendation of my instructor , I participated in the joint school windsurfing competition .
On that day , I found something wrong with my position on the results board . I was shocked and decided to protest about the wrongdoings of the race committee .
After several meetings , I got my position back and I have learnt that we should believe in ourselves .
Also , I trained my body and became more healthy .
The hottest issue nowadays is global warming .
Therefore I paid more attention to global warming and ways to deal with it .
It is part of my dream to make an invention to solve the problem in the future .
To find out more information about having a green lifestyle , I participated in the Green & Organic Health Run 2013 .
Also , I learnt communication skills with friends .
One of the purposes of this event is to encourage running to have a healthy lifestyle , so I got a better physical development .
To have more different experiences , I have joined the " Dialogue in the dark " experiential exhibition .
In the totally dark environment , I experience the feelings of the visually disabled and the difficulties of their lives .
After undergoing this experience , I can totally understand their needs and I got my new goal of helping them in the future .
I have got a greater passion for engineering so as to create some device to help them to have a more comfortable life .
Also , I have learnt communication skills through others and am considerate .
Through this colorful school life , I have had different types of experience and I have finally set my career goal to become an engineer or a computer technician .
I think it is not a good engineer who only has skills in engineering .
Therefore , I think my experience can train me to be admitted as a suitable candidate in engineering and I will work hard to achieve my goal .
People differ from each other and everyone has different professions .
Being a politician or a film star have something in common : those people are famous .
And , as a drawback of being a celebrity , they are followed by paparazzi almost everywhere .
But do n't they deserve to have a private life ?
I think that journalists should remember about the private life of famous people , which should remain a secret for other people .
There are a lot of cases where journalists make it difficult for a celebrity to leave some place because there were so many of those journalists .
And for some people , it does n't really matter if it was found out that someone was in a bar , for example , as long as their films are really worth watching .
Besides , being followed by unknown people must be quite a scary experience .
Some people would say that it 's necessary for ordinary people to know how a politician lives so they can know if he should be trusted .
That 's certainly an important thing for voters to know .
But as for film stars , is it really necessary to know how exactly they live ?
Dear Principal ,
I am writing to join an English course at your school to improve my English and help me to find a job .
I have been learning English for 10 years .
In school , my first language was English .
I can speak English well but not fluently .
My listening is good and I can understand .
I make lots of grammatical mistakes when I am speaking and writing .
I like reading books and travelling to different countries and getting to know there culture .
I have two children . They go to school . I would like to join an English course in the morning from 10 am to 2 pm on any weekdays . I want to start the course as soon as possible .
I look forward to hearing from you very soon . If you have any questions , you can mail or contact me .
Thank you ,
Yours Sincerely ,
irf
It is a fact that the public transport is getting worse year by year , especially here in Peru . However , we have to think about the benefits that public transport has . For instance , it can be a cost - effective way to get to work . So , will there be no place for public transport in the future ?
Hundreds of people take buses at any time , and one of the main reasons for this is that they have not got their own car .
As a result , not only is public transport an option they have , but it is also the only option .
It 's known that over the years the system has improved and new means of transport have been offered , such as trains and trolleys , all of them with just one objective : to transport a mass of people quickly .
On the other hand , the number people who can afford a car and the cost that it involves has gone up over the last few years , and one of the main reasons they have a car is because of the comfort . Also , they claim that they can get to their work faster than by public transport .
Michael sat on the bus and took out his diary to calculate how much he would have to invest in the tennis court .
A girl came and sat on the seat next to him .
She asked him when the bus was going to depart but Michael replied that he was also not aware of the departure time .
The bus started after half an hour and Michael started talking with his parents over the phone and discussing his business .
The strange girl who was sitting next to him was listening to music and looking outside , trying to ignore the details that Michael was sharing with his parents .
It was a 13 hour journey and the girl wanted to talk with Michael and so she offered him chips , but he refused .
After some time , the bus stopped for 5 minutes and Michael bought two chocolates , chips and a soft drink and offered her a chocolate .
The girl accepted the chocolate with a smile and asked him where he was going ?
This is how they started their conversation and , while exchanging conversation , they felt as if they had known each other for a long time ... they became attracted to each other and in the midst of that they kissed each other and even exchanged phone numbers .
Their bus was about to reach their destination next morning , so Michael offered to drop her at home and the girl accepted with a smile .
At that time , they did n't feel like parting but they had to and Michael dropped her home and returned to his own home .
After returning home , Michael flashed back to what he did on the bus .
Michael took a deep breath and looked at the door that was still open .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Dear Sir ,
I am writing with regard to an advertisement that appeared in the local newspaper recently .
This advertisement sought a group of young people to work in summer camps all over the USA .
First of all , my name is Lorena and I am twenty - three years old and I am from Spain and I would like to job in your summer camp because I could improve my English and earn money ; my English is good because all this year I have been at an English academy to learn the language and now I am going to take another certificate . And as a result I will be able to communicate with children .
Secondly , last year I stayed in a beach summer camp and there were children aged 6 - 13 . My partner and I organised water activities when the weather was good , . On the other hand , when the weather was bad we organised puzzle games , adventure games , etc .
The advertisement mentions work in the kitchens . Our summer camp was small because it was in a small town , so we had to cook children food and I was able to do it without problems .
I look forward to hearing your response .
Yours faithfully ,
Lorena .
Michale will never forget the day as long as he lives .
It was on Saturday morning at around 10.30 .
He went to church on that day .
It was a Seventh Day Adventist church , where the custom was to worship on Saturday .
He was there not because he was a Christian , but his presence was because of a girl he had a crush on .
Honestly , as an eight - year - old boy who knew close to nothing about Christianity , his knowledge of Christianity was lower than that of a three - year - old child .
Anxiousness got the better of him as he prepared himself to enter the sanctuary .
In his mind , the only reason he was there was just to see the girl he had a crush on and to meet some of her church friends .
The boy had to push himself and break the ice as the time went by .
Uhhh , I am starting to get lazy .
WHATTTT I MISSPELLED MICHAEL ! ! Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Public transport means travelling around the world and cities using trains , buses , taxis , airplanes etc .
Some years ago , people believed that private cars would be the main vehicles for getting around , but nowadays , due to the economic crisis , most people have changed their minds . They believe that public transport will be the main way to get around in the future for many reasons .
First of all , travelling by car is more expensive than travelling by public transport ; cars have to pay for gas , insurance , repairs , environment fees etc ; travelling by public transport is more ecological and cheaper .
Secondly , people who use public transport are safer than others who use private cars if they drink more than usual and drive their cars ; there are a lot of car accidents due to drivers being drunk .
Finally , there are a lot fewer traffic jams if people use public transport than if they use private cars ; the developed countries have built a public transport system so as to avoid traffic jams . Why are people not using it ?
In conclusion , public transport will not be affected by using private cars .
I strongly believe that , in the near future , public transport will be the main vehicles for travelling around the world , safely and cheaply .
Michael had just woken up . He felt a little bit thirsty so he went to the kitchen for fresh water .
He saw his brother watching TV as usual .
As he could n't sleep anymore , he got dressed and took his brother to the park .
His mother would probably be working . She was a realtor and would be selling a house .
It was a windy day so they kept their jackets and scarves on .
When Michael and his little brother , Jackson , arrived at the park , they noticed that there was n't anybody around .
The park was sealed by green tape which said " danger zone keep away " .
Suddenly two people dressed as astronauts were leaving the park and warned the young boys to go to their house and wait until this unfortunate event was over .
Tom and Jack were curious about what had happened but they did n't know where to get answers .
While they were walking back home , they heard a journalist commenting on what incident had happened in the park .
The only thing they could clearly hear was : - But this can only be caused by contamination , although this windy day hasn't helped .
Jackson stopped walking and was distracted by a beautiful dog Michael continued on his way , unaware that Jackson was n't following him .
Almost arriving at home and mulling over the thoughts , he drew his own conclusions as to what might have happened .
And he wanted to share them with jack , but ...
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Well , I think what this guy is trying to say is that it does n't matter if you have thousands of friends on Facebook if you do n't even know half of them .
What I think is stupid is that most people usually hide their faces behind the screen and no one wants to appreciate a sunny day anymore !
What I disagree with in this video is that he generalizes too much .
I think it is cool to have a social network , and there is nothing wrong with letting kids enjoy the technology that has become part of our generation .
However , they must be supervised , especially by their parents .
I believe the old values should be taught to children in schools .
The thing nowadays is , if you disconnect from all of the things we have , people make fun of you and say that you are old or just do n't know how to deal with the modern world .
Well , it is possible actually , just like we did in the 1990s .
I 've experienced this , so that 's why I am saying it .
The internet has caused me depression once . I felt really alone and I used to be someone who I was n't in real life , but I learned how to deal with it .
I am afraid more people will go through the same thing .
Some people like shopping .
Some people love shopping , and some people can not live without shopping .
I am among the first type of people .
I like shopping .
I care about fashion a little bit , so sometimes I go on a shopping spree and I spend a lot of money in some clothes shop .
But somebody has to go with me , because it would be boring with nobody .
Shopping with someone would be great .
After that , we can go to a cafe and have some good coffee .
A lot of brands are generally good .
Some brands are excellent and really cool in my city .
For example H&M. It is a brilliant shop .
There are all styles of clothes .
Sportswear , elegant clothes and , of course , accessories .
Everyone can find their own styles , so I recommend it .
In the summer time , Milan offers a variety of facilities and services , especially for young people .
Visiting the centre of the city is really fascinating : Piazza del Duomo is one of the most evocative squares in Italy with the particularity of the white marble facade of the Dome and its multitude of spires .
The surroundings are dedicated to fashion : you can find the most important shops for which Milan is known throughout the world .
In the same area , people often have the chance to attend free concerts by Italian singers and some foreign artists .
The Sforzesco Castle is another suggestive historic monument and the green Sempione park is one of the best places where people can do sports or can attend a yoga class in the open air .
Finally , people can experience the Milanese nightlife in the area of the Navigli , which is really crowded from 19:00 till late .
Here you can experience the typical Milanese aperitif , during which you can have a cocktail while eating whatever you want and you can get to know a lot of young people .
Thriller name : Killer shadow
The review :
Jack Pollard , a street fighter known as Crazy Dog , lives in downtown LA .
He has enemies who want to kill him .
One night when he is walking aimlessly in a private alley , he sees a shadow which gradually comes towards him .
At first , he does n't care but suddenly he sees it in front of him ; an owner - less shadow .
He turns his head to find the source of the shadow but ca n't find anything , so he feels fear but controls himself and yells : who are you ?
Hey , if it 's a joke , stop it , it 's not funny .
Suddenly , the shadow covers him and Crazy Dog falls on the ground and dies .
The police announced checkout is the murder motivation .
A detective named James Reilly wants to find out the reason for the murder and to arrest the murderer .
He realizes Crazy Dog killed an innocent man named Joe Mendez last year , but his body was not found .
In Mendez 's house in the suburbs , Reilly finds some old photos showing the sequel of criminals .
They were all tortured viciously before death .
It was around 9 pm when Reilly was there .
Suddenly , he hears a weak voice whispering ; do not try to stop the shadow , let it kill the criminals or you 'll die .
He checks everywhere but ca n't find anyone .
He sees a shadow outside of the house and follows it until it stands at the end of a graveyard .
He goes there and sees a pile of garbage , quickly brushes it aside and sees a hole in the ground .
He goes inside it and discovers a half - decayed body that fits Mendez 's description .
He understands that the shadow was the ghost of Mendez who wanted to take revenge on Mendez 's murderer .
I think this thriller is exciting because it shows a ghost with the ability to kill .
I think since this idea is creative , people will like to watch it .
Alison read the note , smiled , and immediately put on her coat .
She knew what it meant . Jason was alive .
She knew that he would be staying away for so long but she would wait .
She loved him and no World War was able to separate them , because she was pregnant and this baby was coming . It was a boy and his name was going to be Taylor , just like Jason 's father .
Alison took a pen and a piece of paper and wrote an answer to Jason , as fast as she could , because the postman was leaving in one hour .
She was so excited and happy . She did n't know what she could write to her lover , she realised that he was alive so she just wrote ' Dear , please take care of yourself , we will be here waiting for you . I 'm pregnant , it 's a boy . If you let me choose , his name will be Taylor as was your father 's name . I have always loved you and I always will . Do your best , come back as soon as you can , because I need you , love Alison ' .
She could n't stop smiling because she had just realised that she would n't be alone anymore .
Introduction
The purpose of this report is to describe the shopping facilities in Pamplona , and to outline some recommended shops that might appeal to tourists with different interests .
Shopping Facilities
As might have been expected , a big city like Pamplona is well equipped to deal with a large number of tourists and residents going shopping .
Within the town centre itself there is a wide selection of stores offering local crafts , fashion clothing , food or wine .
In addition , several car parks have space for 2000 automobiles and are conveniently located in the centre with easy access and cheap rates .
There is also an extensive local bus network in order to provide services to all the suburbs around the city .
Special shops
Although most tourists come to Pamplona for the famous festival of " Bulls Running on the street " , many become passionate about the cuisine of Navarra . As a result , a few shops such as " LA VINOTECA " and " DELICIUS " are dedicated to selling selected top wines and typical food .
Both shops are located in " Castillo Square " and their staff speak English .
Moreover , a store known as " KUXUMUSU " offers all kinds of bull - related souvenirs and genuine pieces that explain the Basque Country 's culture .
Recommendations for tourists
I would strongly recommend that any tourist , no matter their interests , should visit the aforementioned special shops .
There is little doubt that they will not only find original products , but will also enrich their minds .
Famous people should realize that if they try to gain fame all the time and waste their time on it , they will not have their own private life .
But they are surprised .
In my opinion , celebrities should remember that if they want to be famous they , probably , will be chased by paparazzi .
On the other hand , they are still normal people , who have families , partners and friends and they sometimes want to have a few private minutes , without cameras , media , newspapers , flashes and spotlights .
Probably , they want to go on holidays without being recognised by other people , without giving autographs and having their photo taken .
Moreover , from time to time , they prefer to leave the house without make - up and beautiful clothes .
What is more , I am sure that most of them do it on purpose because their main aim is fame .
And celebrities know well that they have to be controversial , because that is the best way to achieve their lovely fame .
So , big names try to go somewhere without guards , without make - up to show themselves , to cause some juicy gossip about them , to gain fame in the easiest way .
To sum up , fame is ambivalent and people who want to be famous should realize it before becoming a star .
Dear Sir ,
I 'd like to apply for the position in your summer camp .
I found the advertisement on your website and I 'm sure that I 'm the person you are looking for .
Although I 'm an Italian native speaker , I 've been studying English for seven years ; furthermore , last summer I spent two months in Philadelphia , so I can communicate quite well in your language .
I 'm really cheerful and hardworking , and I have good marks for sport .
I link to a page in my school magazine where you can find my CV .
In addition to that , I love children and I usually look after four children , aged from seven to eleven , every Saturday .
As I enjoy cooking , I 'm also suitable for the work in the kitchens .
I have saved some money to pay for the air fare .
I live in Italy , so I ca n't easily meet you for the interview , but I hope we can manage an interview on Skype in the next few days .
I 'm available every afternoon from 5 to 8 p.m. , when it is morning in the USA .
Could you please answer me with an email ?
Thank you for considering my application .
Yours faithfully ,
Serena Palerma
What is fame ?
What is it like to be famous ?
How do famous people feel and what do they miss ?
Do they deserve their private lives ?
Of course they do .
I absolutely agree with the statement .
Everyone deserves his own privacy , his own peace , time just for himself , and famous people do too .
I understand , they are rich , their lives might seem interesting , even more interesting than ours , but they are not so different , they are not better than us , ordinary people .
Many journalists or photographers think when they write some gossip about politicians or when they take some " curious " photos , it 's OK .
But it 's not .
They may hurt these people . They may ruin their lives just by using a bad word .
It must be really stressful when you ca n't go anywhere without journalists following you .
And also , it must be really uncomfortable for friends or family who go with you .
It is a big source of pressure .
Of course , some famous people might like this feeling that they are so liked and favourite and those who do n't like it have the possibility to protect their privacy better or more or pretend that journalists following them do n't exist .
If I am honest , I have to say , I would not be famous if it meant I would lose my life .
I like my student life without followers .
My town is a very good town for taking care of the environment .
My town , City X , is a very green city .
Only cool and good cars are allowed .
People will be fined if they throw garbage on the streets .
This town is a very strict town .
Our town is full of green plants everywhere : in the school playground , between the roads and many other places .
My town only uses electric cars because they do n't give off carbon dioxide .
Smoking is not allowed .
Farting in the open air is not permitted .
Plastic substances should be reused .
Plastic bags should be bought in shops .
Most people use leather or fabric bags for their everyday life .
Dogs are also not allowed because they fart and are not clean .
People with dogs will be sentenced and will suffer heavy consequences .
People who smoke will be jailed for 20 years .
City X helps reforestation in many countries and places such as Brazil , Java , Sumatra , Peru , Guyana , French Guyana , Surinam , Bolivia , Uruguay , Paraguay , Colombia , Venezuela , Equador , Chile , Indonesia , Bali , Malaysia , Singapore , India , and many more .
Public transport is going to face a huge decline in the near future .
New technologies are changing the way of thinking about private cars in a new , much safer and more ecological way .
On the one hand , public transport is well known for its large number of benefits , like less pollution and more economical aspects .
Moreover , in large crowded cities , using the underground or buses is usually a good way to avoid traffic jams , saving time and stress for sad drivers during their commutes .
For that reason , encouraging the use of public transport has been the main concern of most modern governments .
On the other hand , huge technological improvements in car features like self - driving , electrical engines , solar power and others , have created a new way of conceiving the way we interact with cars .
Usually , cars need one hundred percent of our attention during driving . This is a huge disadvantage of cars compared to public transport because we are not able to enjoy driving time by doing something else at the same time as we are driving .
However , that is really close to being changed by Google 's Self - Drive Car , which is a new technology able to drive a car to any destination without human intervention .
Furthermore , the car could be empty and go anywhere we command .
That exciting news opens up a new world of possibilities for the use of cars .
For instance , imagine going to work and ordering the car to go to park at home after taking your children to school .
In addition , many other improvements like electric engines from Tesla are adding new benefits to this new concept of Intelligent - Cars .
To summarise , cars are going to be so independent , ecological , cheap and intelligent that we will never take public transport again .
My name is Tove .
I like to play soccer , dance and sing . I like to dance because I can do a little bit of whatever I want when I dance and only a few people judge me .
I like singing because it can bring happiness .
I like to play soccer because I get to hang out with friends and exercise at the same time .
My favorite food is sushi , and my favorite drink is a pink drink with pineapple in it . I like sushi because it is fresh and sweet and , at the same time , it is sour .
The drink is so good because it has a lot of sweet flavors and it has pineapple in it .
I want a kitten but my mom is allergic , so we ca n't have one .
I was born on July 25th 2003 .
I have a brother named Markus who wants to be a professional tennis player when he gets older . He is 17 years old .
My mom 's name is Katarina and she likes to sing . She turns 50 this year .
Her favorite food is crab and her favorite drink is a good white wine .
My dad 's name is Björn and he likes Tang So Do and swimming . He is 52 years old .
His favorite food is grilled steak .
Dear Paul ,
we haven't seen each other for a while , so you do n't know much about me lately .
Last month I was working at a concert by decorating the stage and it seriously came out better than I expected it to .
The bulbs were red and the floor was covered in yellow flowers .
Seems simple , but looks beautiful . Sometimes simplicity is the most perfect accessory .
I was happy helping those people , because money from the tickets was donated to a nursing home .
Nowadays , people care more about themselves and doing good things is wrong for some of them !
I 'm sad when I see a nursing home but , you know , there , people will never say whether they do bad or good and , at the end of the day , they will not care only about themselves and their insecurity .
Being there is like having your own family .
I hope , in the next project you 'll be there helping us !
We need more caring people !
Dear Jo ,
I am really happy you wrote to me for some advice and I am very honoured that you want to spend some time in my country .
Now you have got lots of free time and I think that you must do a really good tour of my country .
First , you have to decide if you want to visit the north or the south part of Italy , because if you do a full immersion tour of the entire Peninsula you will visit only half of all you have to visit .
If you decide to visit the north part , I think it would be good if you started from Trento and its new museum of nature called Muse .
It is very beautiful because it is structured like a mountain ( and so you can start from the top floor and then you go down , visiting other floors ) .
Then you must visit my city , Milan .
There you must see the center of the city because we have the Dome ( the cathedral ) , the gallery near the Dome , the little hidden church called S.Satiro and , at the end , Sforza 's castle .
Then you must visit Venice , the city on the water where every part of the city is a little treasure .
If you like Egyptian history , you can go to Turin , where you can find a huge and beautiful museum of Ancient Egypt .
If you want to visit the south part of Italy , you must start your trip from Florence , the birthplace of the culture . Then you must go down to Rome , the capital city of my country .
After you have seen the Coliseum , the basilica of S.Peter and the Trevi fountain , and so on , you must visit Naples .
In that wonderful city , you must visit the statue of Jesus Christ called " il Cristo velato " made of marble , and then you must visit the centre of the city , full of fantastic features that make this city really special , like Spaccanapoli , Hidden Napoli , S.Gennaro 's treasure , S.Severio Church and so on .
If you are a little bit tired of all this touring , you can go to Sicily , where a beautiful and special landscape welcomes you .
There are lots of things to visit in Sicily and the most important cities are : Palermo , Messima , Siracusa , Noto , Ragusa , Trapani , Agrigento ..
The idea of finding a job that lasts three months is great .
I think you could work as an entertainer in some tourist villages around the country .
In that way , you could improve your way to make a relationship with people and it could also be a great help for your theatrical experience .
I know that you are a brilliant photographer and that you want to improve your ability , so I think that you could take some photos during your trip and then you could send them to some experts .
Honestly , I think that it could be hard ( just because you haven't so much time ) but I know that sooner or later there will be a photo event ... It 's not much but you can start from there to let other people know about your talent .
I hope that my advice will help you and I also hope that you have a great time in my country ! !
Let me know if you enjoy your tour and take lots of photos ( I want to see them soon )
Lots of kisses
Marty
Nowadays , people have different viewpoints about whether the principal concern when choosing an occupation is salary .
Personally , I disagree with the view that money is the most important consideration for choosing a job , because there are several equally important factors .
I believe that other considerations are as important as money .
Firstly , the core values and the reputation of the company are necessarily concerned .
Working in a company which is built on good core values and has an excellent reputation could easily bring fulfillment and sustain passion for your job for a long time .
We would believe that this work is worth contributing to for life .
Secondly , the co - worker relationship and the atmosphere in the workplace are extremely important when choosing a job .
Having a kind boss or friendly colleagues , for example , can bring workers a sense of belonging and enjoyment from working , hence the quality of work may increase greatly .
Admittedly , money is necessary for people 's daily lives , satisfying their basic needs .
For example , the cost of food , drinks and commodities needs the support of a steady income .
Furthermore , we may need much more money to do some activities , such as worldwide travel or camping for days .
In addition , in the life - long consideration , health - care will be increasingly important with people getting older . Hence having enough money as a stable income can not be disregarded .
In conclusion , while salary still plays a role and certainly affects people 's choice of profession , I believe that money does not outweigh all the other factors .
Karate gave me a new purpose in life .
This is one reason why it is my favorite sport .
There are various reasons why I am absolutely fascinated by this martial art .
Behind every single movement you will find gracefulness and power .
On entering a class , you are able to fully concentrate on the sport .
There are certain procedures at the beginning of a class which encourage you to empty your mind and be ready for class .
Especially in our hectic world , it is very important to find yourself and just listen to your body .
As a martial artist , you start to achieve great fitness and your balance will improve a lot , as well as your flexibility .
Many characteristics will increase immensely , such as confidence , self - defense or responsibility .
You will find that you will not only benefit from those in your normal life , but also in your work .
Karate can be started by anyone and at any age .
However , to see any improvements you should attend regularly and at least twice a week .
Only then does it start to be great fun and you certainly will not regret that you have taken it up . Enjoy ! !
Dear Sir / Madam
I 'm writing to reply to one of your advertisements published in the local newspaper last week .
I mean , the " USA Summer Camps " .
I 'm 31 years old , and I have had the privilege of working as a teacher all my life , so I am an experienced person capable of taking care of children .
Due to my experience as a teacher , I am sure that I wo n't have any difficulty with organising sports and inventing a wide range of activities in order to entertain children .
As well as taking part in activities relating to cooking .
In addition to this , I want to improve my English through my work and , in this way , be able to teach the children some basic skills in this universal language .
I would be grateful if you would send me more information about this job and you can get in touch with me on 671234567 .
I look forward to hearing from you soon .
Yours faithfully
Hi Anne ,
I 'm so happy to hear from you and pleased that you 're coming .
I look forward to seeing you when you arrive here .
Personally , I think the best month to come to Italy is April as the weather is temperate .
In my opinion , if you want to meet people of our age , I suggest going to the most famous areas or places in the city .
How about going out with me and my friends ?
We can meet each other in the centre and then we can visit the city all together .
April is a very nice month .
Although the weather can change more easily , so you should bring different kinds of clothes , both heavy and light .
The perfect outfit might be a pair of trousers , a t - shirt and a jacket .
Thanks a lot for your invitation and if I was n't so busy , I would travel around with you .
Anyway , I 'll wait for a message to tell me when you are arriving .
Best wishes ,
Aurora
Dear Sir / Madam ,
I am writing with reference to my stay in your hotel last week .
I wish I could express my dissatisfaction with the facilities .
I am afraid to say the room was dirty and untidy .
At night , the noise was annoying . I was not able to rest properly .
Also , the phone did not work properly , it was impossible to use it to call the receptionist .
In addition , the elevator was out of order .
There were six of us from a school , and we all agree the stay was unpleasant .
In the end , to my surprise , the price was more expensive than I expected as advertised on your website .
It seems a tax was the excuse , but in my opinion , this was a trick .
I regret to inform you that if you do not offer your apologies and compensation for all the disturbance caused to me , I will go to the authorities .
I look forward to receiving a prompt reply .
Yours faithfully ,
Angel
All about me
Hello ! My name is Emma and I 'm 13 years old .
Now I am going tell you some facts about myself and my life .
I was born here in Sweden , actually right here at Danderyds hospital , but I lived in the city back then .
When I was about three years old , we moved here , to Danderyd .
I lived in a yellow house , not far away from where I live now ( probably just five minutes ) until a year ago , when we moved to a much bigger house .
I live here with my wonderful family consisting of my mum , Aylin , my dad , Tom , my two really annoying brothers , Hans and Oliwer , and my two cats , Tiger and Smilla .
Hans is 10 years old and Oliwer is 7 years old .
In the middle of the summer we always go to Gotland and stay at a farm , in a little house .
I go by cycle to " Fribergaskolan " every day , together with my friends Tekla , Julia and Bianca .
I really think it is a great school with very kind teachers and students .
I like to dance a lot .
On Monday and Thursday , I dance at a dance - school here , close to " Mörby Centrum " , called C - style .
I dance a mixture of street dance and show dance .
I also like riding horses , which is one of the things I often do when we are at Gotland , by the way .
Right now , I 'm actually on a riding course every Sunday .
We are just three girls , and I think this kind of riding is so much more fun than riding at a stable with big groups and so on .
I really like Spain . We have been there , like , six times and the reason is that my dad has a project there and sometimes he has to go there for a week or less and we have the good fortune to be able to join him .
I really like to eat sushi and other Asian food , like noodles .
My favorite restaurant is a restaurant in Stockholm at Östermalm called : " New Peeking " . It 's an Asian buffet and they make the best food .
My favorite subject in school is probably Swedish , English or Biology .
My favorite book right now is : " The Fault in our Stars " , because it 's a really good subject and it is sad but a great story .
My favorite movie is maybe " TED " or " Grown ups " because they are really fun movies with some sad moments .
In the holidays and after school , I 'm often with my friends and family .
I have a lot of friends in my new class and I knew almost every one of them in my old school ( called Kyrkskolan ) .
One of my other big hobbies is photography .
I have got my own camera . It 's a Canon .
The biggest accident in my life was probably when I was three years old .
It was midsummer and my mum was outside on the terrace .
I wanted to go out to her , so I opened the door on the wrong side by putting my long finger and ring finger in the little crevice .
Suddenly , a powerful wind made the door blow up and squeeze my finger really hard .
I screamed and it started to bleed really heavily .
My fingers were almost cut , off so my dad wrapped my fingers in a bandage and we drove to the doctor as fast as we could .
They had to sew my finger , but in the end , everything went fine .
And today I have got normal fingers .
I like animals very much and I want to become a vet when I get older . I have got a lot of animals in my life .
Three words that describe me best : committed , animal lover , loyal friend .
These are the most important facts about me .
Emma Öberg 7A3
I live in Camden .
In Camden , every block has three or four containers to recycle paper , plastic , glass and old clothes .
Also , every flat or house has a recycling bag to recycle paper and a plastic container to recycle organic waste .
The council collects , once a week , door to door , paper and organic waste .
There has been an extensive campaign to limit the amount of water used to water plants and to wash cars .
What is more , people are encouraged to collect rain water to use for these activities .
Public transport has been made accessible by reducing the fares and making it free for students .
Nowadays there is a lot of information about health , having good eating habits , sleeping the number of hours recommended by specialist doctors , etc .
For these reasons , I consider that doing any sport that you like or you may be interested in could be a good option .
In my case , I really like doing spinning . I used to do it only twice per week but now I do that any time I can .
I think that , in particular , spinning is a hard sports activity because when you have spent approximately 1 hour on your bike you 'll probably feel tired .
During the process , people work their legs a lot , mixing different positions and speeds . And the most important thing , the musis is always running .
If you want to lose weight , this type of sport is perfect because it belongs to the aerobic exercises to burn the calories that we get eating fast food , whereas it is suitable for people that only do exercise for entertainment .
Furthermore , from the first time that I was in the gym , I have got to know nice and friendly sportsmen who try to give me advice not only on how to improve my techniques but on how to avoid injury too .
Although it is kind of hard for young people who have finished school finally , to understand that it 's definitely not finished yet , education does n't stop from then on and it is one of the most important things to continue going to school .
On the other hand , young people in Bosnia do n't really have the opportunity to choose whether they want to go or not .
They finish school at the age of 23 - 24 , including further study without a chance of work or anything else .
To this , I think , it is a journey which goes in the wrong direction .
Trying to motivate people for education , studying and school is a very hard thing if they all know all those dreams are not going to happen anyway , whereas people in Switzerland have to choose very early in which direction they want to go and what their possibilities look like .
Therefore , education should be accessible for everyone , in my opinion , for as long as possible , but only if the goal and possibilities are clear .
Only if all of that is guaranteed will the motivation increase .
These days , shopping has become one of the best ways to spend time with family or friends , but not everyone likes it .
For most men , shopping is so boring and exhausting , but for women it can be the best way to make their mood better , because they are so happy when they buy lots of clothes in a sale , cheaper than at the regular price .
I think that shopping is not enjoyable for everyone when there are crowds and very long queues in the shops .
Then you spend more time in the shop and you will be more tired .
In the big shopping centres your purse can be stolen by pickpockets and you can lose a lot of money .
Personally , I really like shopping , because I am interested in fashion and I like looking good .
So , for me shopping is very enjoyable and I always forget about my problems when I am trying on new clothes which suit me .
But I do not like wasting my time , so I usually go shopping on Mondays , because after the weekend the shops are always empty .
Nowadays , technology and society have changed in different ways and most people have more free time than before .
This could be good , although some people say we do n't need all this time and we have to work more .
First of all , it could be said that society is spending more time doing relaxing things , such as going to the beach or meeting friends , and some experts say that we have to spend more time working or studying because people are becoming lazier .
In contrast , technology has been becoming more useful and it could do work that we had to do some years ago and having more free time could be better for us .
Another point is that we can meet friends more or visit our family if we have more free time and that is always good .
In other words , it could be said that if we had more free time , our lives would become better , because we can enjoy ourselves with friends and do things with our family .
From my point of view , having free time is perfect , because we can do more things that we are fond of and our quality of life would increase .
Hi James ,
how are things going ?
I hope you 're fine !
You ca n't imagine how excited I am about travelling to the UK !
After all those letters we have sent each other , now we can meet for real .
I 'm looking forward to being there to spend some time with you .
I 've never been to London and , what 's more , I 'm scared of big cities , so I 'll literally stick to you wherever we go !
I 've been searching for a lot of stuff we could visit once I get there , for example , Piccadilly Circus .
At a glance it seems very original and special , does n't it ?
I think it would be fascinating to go sightseeing around there and I could find some souvenirs for my family .
Oh and given you 're a huge soccer fan like I am , what about planning a match involving some friends of yours ?
It would be amazing !
If you manage to organize it beforehand , I 'll have the time to prepare all the soccer stuff ( boots etc . ) .
I 'll give you some other information shortly .
Write back soon ,
Mario
My name is Sylwia .
I was born in Polonne , a small town in Ukraine .
My school is located there .
When I was 17 , I moved to Kyiv .
I study philology .
A few years ago , I worked as a literary editor .
Now I am working as a journalist at National Radio .
I hate my job .
You may ask why that is .
I 'll tell you .
First of all , I get less than 100 dollars for my work .
My programs are for old people in different villages .
My colleagues are brain - damaged .
I want to grow .
But instead I am writing about stupid decorations , illnesses and other boring stuff .
Next year I 'll be a PHD student .
I was going to be a scientist , but I 'm not sure anymore .
I want to have kids and a family .
I 'm trying to choose the best time for all these things .
Can I cope with all that by myself ?
I 'm not sure .
I feel awful .
Sometimes it 's hard to believe that everything will be OK .
My country has been attacked by Russia .
God , save us from evil .
Teach us how to love .
Friendship is one of the most valuable sentiments for people , especially for people who in their school days .
Making new friends and sharing interests with others is always an exciting part of social life .
When it comes to the best way for students to make friends , some argue that participating in community activities or traveling are preferable . However , from where I stand , joining a sports team is undoubtedly the best choice .
First of all , for energetic students , doing sports is their favorite activity .
Therefore , joining a sports team where they can share similar interests and relax is the easiest way to get to know each other .
Training in the same sports team , the students can not only release the whole day 's pressure , but can also build up good relationships with others through communication and exercise .
For example , the champions of the Olympic Games , China 's famous synchronized diving athletes , GuoJingjing and Wu Minxia . The two girls enjoy a really good friendship .
They got to know each other because they both joined the same sports team , and then after exercising and playing together , they finally become two enviable friends .
Additionally , cooperation and coherency are always the main essence of a sports team .
Here , students learn how to work together , how to fight for the same goal through tacit teamwork , how to contribute to the whole team instead of just thinking of self , and even how to negotiate or discuss with others , as well as how to be patient and rational .
Although there may be some argument or disagreement among students , I always think that everything is going to be okay because the sports team will be coherent .
Finally , joining a sports team will provide a long period of time for students to get along with each other .
However , if students participate in community activities , for example , doing volunteer job in the town 's library , they would not have sufficient time to communicate with each other since most of their time is spent working .
Meanwhile , students can play with each other while traveling , but only several days are not enough and most people will not keep in touch with others after the trip .
Sorry that I haven't been in touch for a while , but I 've been really busy lately .
How are you ? Have you got anything new to tell me ?
Is everything OK with your family ?
Well , I have good news for you ! I met a wonderful girl last week when I went to the cinema .
I was in the queue when I saw her wearing a stylish tight black dress .
She is perfect , with her long curly dark hair , and her pale skin .
She has a wonderful body , but in her face you can see perfection .
Her slanted eyes and her shiny lips are gorgeous .
I want to introduce her asap !
See you soon .
Take care ,
José Luís .
" The Good Samaritan "
This year , my country 's media celebrated a doctor who works in Afghanistan .
His name 's Roberto Cairo .
He set up a hospital in Kabul to take care of mine victims .
He was decorated by the Italian President last June .
In my opinion , he 's a hero of our times .
He left his job in a safe and comfortable Italian hospital to move to a country that is living through a civil war .
He 's very brave to work in one of the most dangerous places on Earth .
His charity 's saved many lives .
Every day he works hard to give support to the people injured by the mines .
In my opinion , we need to thank people like him .
We never forget what he 's done , we must n't forget what he 's done .
Dear Mr. Leader ,
I am writing to you because I 've heard that you 're planning a trip to our city - Katowice .
We have so many interesting places to visit , but if I must limit myself to only one , I choose the centre of the city .
It is renovating , but you can see many beautiful buildings .
First of all , I have to show you our theatre and , if you want to , we can go on an art .
Fantastic actors perform in this theatre and I would like you to see their best play , which is " Jackyl and Hide " .
Besides brilliant actors , they have incredible decor and it 's perfectly situated as it is very near to the bus stop .
I hope you 'll enjoy our city centre . There you can enjoy yourselves and learn something about our city .
It is a really interesting place and I think you 'll appreciate this .
In case of any questions , please , write me an e - mail and I will answer them with pleasure .
Yours sincerely ,
Dominika .
I agree with this statement that shopping is not always enjoyable .
Some people like to do shopping every day .
Some do not like , it but it is a personal business .
Some people go shopping to feel better in themselves .
If they have a bad day or if they have a good day .
These tend to be people who are dependent on purchases .
I personally love to go shopping and spend my money on new clothes .
Wednesday , September 30 3015
Dear Mrs. Tejada
I am writing to apply for a post in the summer camps in the USA .
I heard about it in my English class at my university .
I am in the 5th semester of Industrial Design , and I have 500 points in my TOEFL .
Apart from my studies , last year I went to a camp for my degree course where I was helping in the reception for the new students of the course .
Taking part in the camp was wonderful because I helped with planning the activities .
Finally , I am a master in the kitchen . I really enjoy making desserts and I was on a cooking course last summer . In fact , I have experience in the kitchen .
As I mentioned above I have experience in camps . I speak English , so I just want an opportunity to show you .
And I know my abilities with kids . I am a patient , confident and organized person .
Perhaps most important , I offer a history of proven results , so I am suitable for the job .
Please give me the opportunity to work with you .
If you would like to know more about me , please contact me at your earliest convenience .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Yours Sincerely
Alejandrina Guerrero Montanez
Dear Mrs Ashby
I am writing this letter to apply for the post advertised in the Tuoitre newspaper of 13 March .
Since graduating from University of Education majoring in business English , I have been working for a food joint stock company on a contract basis .
I am particularly interested in dealing with various types of foods and meeting new people .
In addition , I am willing to work long hours for your cafe .
I would welcome the chance to work as a part of your cafe where I will make a small contribution while developing my English skills further .
Meeting new people and setting up new social relationships are also the tempting point attracting me .
In addition , your cafe is conveniently located near my home , which takes about 10 minutes to go to on foot and I have 2 days off a week . That gives me the opportunity to take on a new job .
I am available for interview on Monday morning next week and I am looking forward to hearing from you soon .
Yours faithfully ,
Thao
Dear Billal ,
I hope this email finds you well !
Last week , my friends and I were selected from the class to go on a fascinating trip to a contemporary and magnificent museum .
At this mind - blowing place , we looked and gazed at the phenomenally awe - inspiring and unbelievable fossils of ancient dinosaur bones up to 100 meters high !
We also made brilliant mini statues of a type of dinosaur . I did the T - Rex and my classmate assembled a Raptor .
I luxuriate the making of the spellbinding models and the gift we got to pick in the dinosaur shop .
I enjoyed this unforgettable trip to the museum , and hope you can take time out to go one day !
Kind Regards ,
Jon
All about me !
My name is Claudia . I was born in Sweden .
My parents ' names are Jan - Erik and Jessika . I have one older sister and one older brother . They are twins and they are 22 years old and their names are Kevin and Tilde . I have two dogs , Ebba and Leia . old .
Leia is 6.5 months old and Ebba is 9 years old .
My favorite thing to do is play sims 3 and sims 4 and listen to music . My favorite music type is rock and , of course , my favorite band is Green Day and , of course , then my favorite song is Stray Hearts ( Green Day ) .
My FAVORITE movie is Breaking Dawn part 2 ( The Twilight Saga ) .
My favorite subjects are English and music , mostly because I love to sing and play guitar .
I love Disney movies like Mary Poppins and Peter Pan , but I ca n't watch dog movies because if there 's something sad , like the dog dies , then I will cry .
My favorite books are , of course , all the Twilight books ( I ca n't choose one :3 )
In my free time I play guitar and dance and sing .
If I 'm not doing that , then I am with my dogs or with my friends or just at home playing sims ! AND THE SIMS 4 CAME OUT LIKE TWO WEEKS AGO AND I AM SOOOOO HAPPY ! :D My favorite food is sushi .
When I grow up I want to work with music in some way , but if I do n't work with that then I want to work with animals !
I think the most beautiful building that I have visited is the " Monumento a La Bandera " .
It 's located in Rosario , Argentina .
It was opened on June 20 , 1957 and was built by the architect and engineer Angel Guido to celebrate the Flag Day .
In the same place where Manuel Belgrano first raised the Argentinian flag on February 27 , 1812 .
It has a tower of 70 meters with a viewpoint on the top , and it is famous for its big flag and the crypt in tribute to Manuel Belgrano .
Inside the " Monumento a La Bandera " you can see historical objects about the history of Argentina , and in the underground there is the hall of honor of American Flags .
If you want to enter the hall of honor or enter the monument , it 's free , but if you want to go up to the viewpoint , unless you are younger than 5 , you must pay an entrance fee of 10 $ .
The building is open from 9:00 to 19:00 every day .
Hate them or love them , villains are the funniest part in every story .
Since I was a child , my favourite characters have always been the cruellest ones .
Why ?
Obviously , because in every story , book or movie , although heroes are weaker than bad characters , they always win !
What a boring situation !
For example , in Terminator 's movies , the villain was always stronger and more equipped than the hero , but at the end of the movie , the righteous one wins the battle .
Finally , the latest movies are based on cruel , bad , dirty and strong characters ! Enjoy them !
In recent years , social media sites have developed and penetrated our society as the essentials rapidly .
There are enormous numbers of users all over the world , and social media sites such as Twitter , Facebook and YouTube are utilized for acquiring information , contributing ideas , sharing photographs and communicating between individuals , between individuals and organizations or between organizations .
While social media sites make our society more convenient and more comfortable compared with the past , they simultaneously bring with them some issues .
There are two advantages and one disadvantage of the current consequences , and I mention conceivable effects of social media sites in the future .
Bulgarian parents can choose when their children start school- at 6 or 7 years old .
Before they start school , they have to finish preschool .
Usually children go to kindergarten up to 5 years old , and after that , they start preschool .
In this case they start school at 6 years .
Some children start school at 7 years old , it depends on when they are born - at the beginning or near the end of the year .
The Bulgarian school year starts in the middle of September .
So , if the child is born in the first few months of the year , parents can choose when their child will start school , at 6 years and a few months or 7 years and a few months .
Most Bulgarian parents do not agree with their children starting school at 6 years old .
However , the Bulgarian government was thinking about changing the law so all children have to start at 6 years old .
I think I ca n't compare the education of children in school or tertiary education between Bulgarian and Australia , because I still do n't have children and I am not studying at university in Australia .
Let me introduce you to my hometown , Kortrijk .
Kortrijk is a small town located in the northern part of Belgium .
It is also the Dutch speaking part of Belgium .
Kortrijk is near the French border , about 15 minutes away by car .
The town has 100,000 inhabitants .
It was built in the 11th century and is well known for its shopping area .

After a day of shopping , you can go to one of the many restaurants Kortrijk has .
You can choose between different types of food , such as Japanese , Italian , French and many others .
Of course , you can eat the typically Belgian dish mussels with French fries .
In summer Kortrijk organises small concerts .
The concerts attract many people from all over Belgium .
Now Kortrijk is changing a lot .
In the last few years , a lot of building has been done in the area .
New bridges have enriched the town .
Many green zones have been created .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
last week , I was on holiday with my family in your " New Holiday Village " .
Unfortunately , our holiday did not live up to the claims made by you .
We had a number of problems . The first one concerns the number of beds . You offered space to sleep for six people , so we expected six beds , but we only had five .
So , two of us had to share a bed , which is hardly acceptable .
The other problem related to the offered excursions . You promised a number of attractions , but two ( the walk up to the mountain , as well as the visit to a historic castle ) were not available .
Unfortunately , we also had problems with food . In your brochure it said that we would have a number of restaurants around , but in fact there was only one , which was , in addition to that , really expensive .
In our honest opinion , this is not acceptable , because in the brochure you talked about more than one restaurant .
To sum it up , we were not very pleased with our holiday as we could not enjoy some of the things you promised to us in the brochure .
We are of the opinion that you should not offer things which are in fact not available .
Yours faithfully ,
Anna Olsen and family
How will people 's lives change in the future ?
It requires a vivid imagination to try to put a view of the future . First of all , the means of transport will change . Vehicles will depend mainly on solar energy or nuclear energy . A flying public transport bus will be a fast ride to work . You will need to supply your car with spinach after they invent a spinach - fuelled car .
Also , food will change in the future . Capsules of your favourite foods will be available in the future in mobile supermarkets . These capsules will turn into your lunch as soon as you put a small amount of water on them .
In the future , water will be very expensive to the extent that you will have to work three hours of overtime every day to be able to pay for half a liter of clean water . But the one thing that will never change in the future is the smile on your mother 's face when you surprise her by cleaning your bedroom without using the robot that belongs to your older brother .
I think today 's television is still good value , because there is more choice than ever before .
You can watch whatever you want , whenever you want ! There 's always something to watch for everybody .
Of course , I think that we should n't watch too much television .
I think that 's the only negative point about today 's television , because maybe there 's too much choice !
Some people just watch TV the whole day long , and stay in their houses .
They just ca n't stop watching television , because there 's just so much that they like to watch .
I think that we should promise ourselves that we will just watch a maximum of 1 hour 's TV every day .
In that way , we can enjoy all the new technology of today , and all the enjoyable TV programmes !
This photo shows me and my best friend .
It was taken on the embankment of Khabarovsk .
In the background , you can see the River Amur .
On the left , you can see people on an observation area .
They 're enjoying the view .
I was very excited because it was my first visit to Khabarovsk in the summer .
The city looks beautiful in this season .
By the way , on that day everybody was celebrating the Day of the City .
Afterwards , we went for a walk .
We felt happy because we had not seen each other for a long time .
We used to enjoy dancing and singing .
When we were schoolgirls , we used to spend all our free time together .
We are living in different places now .
Luckily , we are in touch .
It 's not difficult today !
Lots of modern messenger services like WhatsApp , Skipy , Vier make it possible for us to talk and chat as much as we want .
13 July 2014
Dear Sir / Madam ,
I am writing in response to your advertisement for SUMMER CAMPS USA to work in different positions .
I am available in summer , whenever and wherever .
I have qualifications in teaching children . I am a graduate teacher from University Carlos III of Madrid . I have experience of adventure sports . I like the country and mountains .
I also have a lifeguard certificate .
I have experience with children aged between 10 and 12 . I have worked in the South School Centre for two years .
I have always had a natural ability to work well with children .
I think that I would enjoy this job working with children and trainee staff .
I speak English very well , because my mother is from the UK and my father is from Canada . Although we lived in Spain , in our home we always spoke English .
My CV is enclosed .
I do not have experience of working in kitchens , but I like cooking . I live alone and I do the housework myself and the meals .
I believe that I am suitable for this job because sport , children and the country are among my hobbies .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Yours faithfully .
This year is the last one before going to university .
After so much time at school , some people think they need a break .
On one hand , it is true that leaving school means passing from the basis to your future profession .
After sixteen years of continuous work , it is the perfect moment to take a rest and enjoy your life by travelling .
To find out about other cultures and get new knowledge completely different from school .
However , it could be a great time to work and earn some money to pay for university or simply for saving it .
On the other hand , maybe if we have a break before university , the routine of working and studying every day could break .
So when university starts , people will become busy , the routine will not be the same , and , as a consequence , the marks will be lower .
To conclude , I think after school we need to apply for university in order to continue working on what we like .
The year off should be taken after university studies .
As the number of traffic accidents has increased dramatically over the years , finding the best solutions has put the government under pressure as to whether to implement stricter penalties or use alternative regulations .
Personally , road safety can not be ensured by either the former or the latter methods .
Instead , it should be a combination of various actions .
As a matter of fact , severe punishments can partly decrease the rate of offences .
Nobody wants to pay an expensive fine or spend time in prison , so fear of punishment might be effective and prevent people committing the offence a second time .
Moreover , one 's penalty also can be considered as a mirror that people can look at and avoid doing the same things .
The main offences are driving over the speed limits , drunk driving , driving without licences .
Its penalties , depending on the severity , could include fines , licence suspension , community service or imprisonment .
Consequently , those punishments make the drivers have to concentrate on driving only , and therefore , minimize the number of accidents .
By the same token , a single method could not solve the traffic problems , as driving offences are not the only things that cause traffic accidents .
Authorities should enact more safety policies on roads and ensure by improving the quality of traffic facilities .
In many developing countries , the government rarely attach special importance to both the quality and quantity of the traffic system , especially in rural areas .
People easily have accidents when driving on narrow or severely damaged streets .
Furthermore , vehicle collisions are rising greatly due to the number of unclear road signs .
Traffic education is also a compulsory measure , especially for younger generations as they commit the majority of offences .
People should be educated carefully about all the safety regulations and laws when they get their driving licence . The more they know the rules , the less risks are taken on the road .
In general , reducing traffic accidents is important .
Therefore , it should be considered carefully how to combine both severe penalties and many other regulations .
Public transportation once used to be a convenient and inexpensive way to transport oneself in the city .
However , the increasing rate of car ownership has been taking the place of public transportation , providing more convenience for getting around places and to places .
Travelling by car gives flexibility in our schedule .
We do not have to worry about catching a bus or train at a certain time .
We can get in a car whenever we want to go to places and drive .
This convenience of cars enables us to use our time efficiently .
However , cars can not take the place of public transportation just because of that convenience .
Maintaining cars has associated costs .
Driving a car requires fuelling it with gas , and gas prices are becoming more and more expensive .
In addition , cars require regular maintenance , such as oil change and checking tire pressures .
Mechanical problems can often be costly problems .
Unlike public transportation , one has to be responsible for his or her mode of transportation , and it could be expensive sometimes .
On the other hand , public transportation is inexpensive .
Not to mention that not everyone can afford to keep a car on their budget .
In other perspective , cars require driving .
Driving is something not everyone can do .
For example , people who have disabilities and certain diseases are not able to drive .
Children under a certain age are not permitted to drive .
For those people , public transportation can be the optimal choice of transportation .
In conclusion , cars are convenient . However , they are not for everyone .
Therefore , public transportation has its own reasons for existence , and there is a future for public transportation .
Dear friends !
Our congregation has run educational family camps with the support of NNNs Integration programme for 8 years .
We have huge experience of organising seminars and camps for families with disabled children .
For many children , participating in this camp is the only opportunity to spend time with children their own age and to feel like fully - fledged members of society .
Words fail to express the emotions that all participants experience .
The health improvements of some children could be considered a miracle .
All children get a lot of positive emotions spending time together and learning how to be tolerant .
A reduction in financial support from foreign charity foundations has led to our camp not being possible this year .
Our budget is fixed for only 75 people , which is almost twice the number of participants last year .
We do n't know and we do n't want to know how to refuse children participation in the camp in this situation !
We want all our children to go to this camp , so we set up a donation project .
The greater amount of money has already been collected thanks to the trustee board of " NNN " community , but we still need an additional $ 13000 .
We are asking you not to be indifferent to disabled children and to provide feasible help .
( Essay )
The idea that newspapers will disappear with time due to people 's attitude towards surfing the internet for the worldwide news does not necessarily mean that it can be taken for granted .
One of the most controversial issues nowadays is that a large sector of society deals with newspapers as a daily routine .
They ca n't stand one day without skimming through their pages with a cup of tea in the morning .
To the best of my knowledge , it is a way of behaving more than a way of coping with the latest technologies .
To begin , the reason for the decreasing popularity of newspapers is that most people , these days , rely on being online most of the time to follow the latest news all around the world .
The second main reason is that online news is often free of charge .
Thus , people read news at any time and for free .
On the other hand , newspapers are presented in a definite place , with limited time , and in addition , they are a daily expense .
While some may claim that credibility is the main reliable aspect of publishing .
It is obvious that the daily newspapers having a respectable reputation are the ones which will be accepted by thousands of people .
In this respect , newspapers seem to be more credible than numerous websites that make up fake stories much more than publishing real news .
Furthermore , reading habits have their own taste , specifically for elderly people .
They enjoy turning the pages and reading the headlines using their eyeglasses .
This marvelous , tasteful generation ca n't be buried alive as they have their own experiences and influences on modern society .
In light of the foregoing discussion , it appears to be true that the internet is an incredible aspect towards globalisation even in daily news worldwide .
However , the newspapers still have their lead in that respect .
It can be suggested that a combination of both media will positively influence the ways of delivering news .
Last week , a friend of mine told me about a new cafe that had just opened near my house and said that she thought it was a magic place .
At first , I did n't believe that this place would be as amazing as she said .
However , I accepted her plan and I met her at " Wonderland Café " .
I have to be honest and recommend this magical place to all of you .
It has almost everything that you need in a cafe : comfortable chairs and sofas , beautiful features and really good - tasting coffee that they serve in most of twenty different ways and with all toppings you can think of .
Although the most important thing is that there were not only friendly staff but they looked like they were having tea in Wonderland , with Alice and the White Rabbit .
I strongly recommend this café if you want to enjoy an excellent coffee with a careful decor and brilliant performances in which you can participate while having a drink .
You will love it ! !
I 'm 50 years old and I live in a little town named Monza .
At my age , it is very important to keep fit , so I cycle twice a week .
This sport is not so hard , and it gives me the opportunity to do an activity that is not too expensive and can be done outdoors and not in a closed sports hall .
When I come back from my job in the afternoon , I put on something comfortable , take my bike and go away along the streets alone with my thoughts and no one can disturb me .
Whenever I go out with my bike , I stay on the road for two hours and I enjoy this time to myself so much that I 'd like to remain outside for ever .
For everyone who would like to start this sport , it is important to remember that you are alone with yourself and must have the power to improve the time you stay out and never give up .
The Visit is a movie in which two grandparents get to know their grandchildren for the first time .
They have never met their grandparents because their mom had a fight a long time ago with them , even before they both where born , that caused them not to know any more about each other .
The girl is making a film for a school project about the journey and about getting to know her grandparents .
Then both kids realize that something is going wrong with them ,
because sometimes they start acting really weird and after 9:30 pm weird things happen to them . Then both kids understand that their grandparents are hiding a really big secret .
I think this thriller will get your nerves out of you . The movie reveals many things as it continues . It 's actually so good and , for those who are scared of thrillers , this movie is more like suspense and I really think you can enjoy it .
When facing a decision about whether to shop in a shopping center or in small stores , many people will choose the shopping center because you can buy all types of products at once .
Others , including myself , believe that shopping in small stores is the best choice .
In the following essay , I will outline two reasons to support my view .
First , small stores provide products with more unique features and different selections .
That is to say , most small stores may have their own logos on mugs or even T - shirts and you are more likely to find handmade products in them .
For instance , my friends once bought a nice scruff with a cute animal figure in a small store and I really liked it after she showed me .
Therefore , the next day she took me back to the store . We found out that they did not have the same scruff because it was the only one .
Although I was disappointed that I could not have the same scruff , this is the fun part about shopping in small stores : you can always find something unique .
Second , it is true that shopping in a shopping center is fast and convenient , because one can buy all types of things together .
However , most shopping centers provide limited selections and sometimes the price is expensive .
In conclusion , I prefer to shop in small stores because I am more likely to find the one and the only product , while it also provides a sense of treasure hunting .
The changes to television are evident . This could be because society is changing too .
On television we can see what people consume .
If TV programmes are a lot of rubish , it is because some people prefer them .
So , we have to take care of it .
Maybe , there are a lot of repeats of old programmes , but some of them are still watched by a large number of people .
And sometimes , programmes are too aggressive and give people bad messages .
On the other hand , there are some channels which show documentaries and programmes about specific subjects like science , math or history .
And there are musical channels , too .
I think there are good TV programmes , but people do n't give them the value that they should have .
There are a lot of old programmes , but it is n't a problem .
Television still has something important to show .
I am writing to congratulate you on the excellent Dumplings Festival which I attended in Cracovie last November .
I had a great time with my friends , but I have a few comments concerning the organisation .
I was far from impressed by all the dumplings which housewives prepared .
In my opinion , the dumplings with spinach tasted great .
I was impressed by a cabaret who performed during the festival .
Their jokes were very funny .
However , there are a couple of small suggestions .
First of all , the venue itself was very crowded and parking almost impossible to find .
It could be a good idea to find a larger venue .
I saw parents with children but kids did not have many attractions .
I would like to suggest hiring special animators who will entertain kids .
In addition , tickets were too expensive .
You should think about reducing prices or offering special discounts , for example , for students .
Once again , please accept my compliments on a job well done . I hope you find my suggestions helpful and I look forward to an even more successful event next year .
Yours faithfully
These days , the use of technology is increasing , especially the use of robots .
According to Russell and Norwing , robots are special machines that have intelligence to carry out activities on their own or by command ( as cited in Chijindu & Inyiama , 2012 ) .
They represent an innovation that has changed the world in distinct ways and has been embedded in different areas of society ; for example in security , health , the armed forces , education , industry and agriculture .
Consequently , positive and negative social impacts can be observed by the population .
More accurate surgery , emotional bonding and an increase in communication are examples of positive consequences .
Negative impacts , such as the human dependence on robots for doing basic activities and pollution of the environment , can be cited .
This essay will describe the positive and negative social consequences of robots , and possible implications in the future .
Each day , the environment suffers different problems caused by global warming and humans are the sole agents responsible for this problem .
We need to analyze and investigate the main problems to find solutions which might heal our world .
First of all , transport is the most significant carbon dioxide emitter .
As we know , in all cities , a lot of cars are used every day unnecessarily .
Probably , if we used public transport like buses instead of private vehicles , we would reduce the greenhouse effect caused by the CO2 produced .
Secondly , the huge amount of litter floating in the rivers and seas destroys the ecosystem and has a high visual impact .
Sometimes , cities get rid of rubbish by throwing it into the water .
An easy answer could be building more landfills .
Last , I 'll propose a solution to a common and near problem .
Reusing things that we do n't utilize any more ( like clothes , furniture … ) and giving them a ' second life ' .
I think we must be down to earth and creative to cut down on our daily trash production .
To sum up , it 's necessary to solve the environmental problems to keep our planet safe , so we had better start resolving closer issues .
If we ignore them , the earth will get worse .
Dear Jo ,
I 'm happy that you wrote to me to ask for some advice .
Well , to travel in Brazil , you have to choose some places to go , because here we have a lot of beautiful places to visit and have fun .
To help you , I need to know what you prefer to do .
If you wanted to go to the beach , I 'd tell you to visit the Northeast 's beaches , because they are the most beautiful beaches in the entire world .
You have to spend some days in Fernando de Noronha .
For these places , the best season is the summer .
One other place to visit in summer is the Pantanal .
There you will see one of the most beautiful biome that you have ever seen .
In Pantanal , the weather is hot and wet , and we can drive to the river deeper in the wood and see wild animals , like alligators .
If you want to come here in the winter , you have to explore the South .
There , you will see beautiful cities with European architecture and you will find nice vineyards .
For work , I advise you to come to Sao Paulo .
Here , you 'll find most kinds of temporary job , like in restaurants , bars , etc .
I hope that I have helped you and will see you soon .
Chinese , Spanish and Portuguese . None of those languages are as popular as English is .
Over 1 billion people around the world speak English as a second language . Because of that , it is considered the universal language .
Nowadays , it is obligatory if you want to get a better job .
I will discuss the importance of English as a second language in Brazil .
Even though studying a language has become easier because of the internet , fluency is harder to achieve when you study by yourself .
Brazilians need to learn English because it opens doors in business and in higher education .
In Brazil , regular schools teach students the basic aspects of the language and do not let them become immersed in the language .
This can explain a little bit of Brazil 's lack of English speakers .
Learning English as a foreign language will have a huge impact on Brazilians ' professional lives , helping them to get a better position .
To conclude , Brazil has a lack of English speakers .
The Brazilian educational system should be aware to develop students ' language skills more .
Learning English as a second language will help Brazilians to get a better job and have more opportunities in their careers .
It is a rich , graceful and delightful language to learn .
Anna knew that it was going to be a very special day for her .
She was going to the national championships in swimming and she had been preparing since last summer .
Taking part in it and gaining the best place was her biggest dream .
Especially since the previous national competitions when she suffered a shoulder injury and could not start .
After all , this is hard work from an early age and on the list of players does not enter by accident .
But the daily duties which she had as a teenager , and the murderous workouts till midnight , built in her a strong will to succeed .
She knew that besides her , the race would be attended by the best girls from all over the country .
Dressed in a swimsuit , she was waiting in front of a swimming pool for the next judges ' command .
Only a few seconds separated her from the jump into the water .
The judge ordered them to take position at the sites .
Anna looked again toward the audience , where her best fans in the world were sitting - her parents , friends , coach and friends .
They were all keeping their fingers crossed .
She swam so fast , like a former fish , not a human being .
In the water she feels at home .
Only after a while , after a few quick and short breaths did it occur to her that she had fulfilled her biggest dream .
Anna won first prize and regained confidence .
It was one of the happiest days of her life .
I would n't like to be a teacher since I do n't like children a lot .
I am not as patient as a teacher has to be with all his students , although only some of them are naughty .
Many of my friends are teachers . They like their job despite the fact that they often have to deal with lively children or lazy students and difficult parents .
These people sometimes think of their sons or daughters as innocent angels who spend a lot of their time with inexperienced teachers with no qualifications .
Teaching could be a stimulating working environment for students and teachers if it combined a rewarding career and the improvement of teaching skills .
In this case , teaching would n't be monotonous and with no opportunities or prospects .
Dear Sir / Madam ,
I am writing to ask you if your school could organize an individual course in English for me .
I study English for two reasons .
First , it is necessary for my job ; second , it is my hobby .
I have been studying English for ten years . I make sense of the reading , but I am not good at listening and writing .
My pronunciation is not always correct , and as a result , I have some problems with listening . I know English economic terminology very well but my everyday English is rather poor .
However , my grammar is not that bad .
I scored 56% in my last test .
I would like to sign up for a summer course for three months .
I enjoy visiting museums and travelling in my free time .
I prefer learning on a one - to - one basis , because it is more comfortable for me .
I look forward to hearing from you soon .
Sincerely ,
Evgenia Ilyina .
Dear Sir ,
My name is Marcos , and I would like to apply for the job in the summer camp .
I love outdoor activities . I have been doing rock climbing for nine years now , and started motocross in 2010 . Also , I consider myself very friendly with children and teenagers . When I was a child , my father and I used to go camping almost every other weekend . That was until four years ago , because he is no longer able to stay out of the city . But he taught me all that I need to know to survive out there , so , I really know how to do things in the woods .
Also , I am chef , so I can assure you that I will be helpful in the kitchen . I have been cooking for large numbers of people for 7 years in a really big restaurant .
I will commit myself to doing my best to make your summer camp one of the best .
Yours faithfully
Marcos Rodriguez
It is said that there is no future for public transportation . I used to think that when I was young , but it has changed as I am getting older .
But this changed recently . I fell down and hurt my knee , so that I can not drive .
Now I need it again .
There are a lot of benefits of developing public transportation .
First , it is more convenient .
Most developed countries developed a public transportation system to lower the impact of a growing population .
Then , it is cost effective .
Shared costs make the huge expense of developing and building the public transport system possible .
Finally , it is environmentally - friendly .
Public transportation is proved to require less energy consumption .
I still think the public transportation system will keep on growing in such a crowded era .
How long have you not used public transportation for ? Do you agree that there is no future for public transport ?
I personally think so , the reasons are as follows :
First , as we all know , cars play a very important role in our lives , and more and more cars come into our families .
Also , travelling , of course , is a big part of the function of the car !
The very well developed highways , roads , and city streets provide a good foundation for cars . Look at North America , highways have been built everywhere . It 's really your loss if you do n't drive a car .
Second , people start to learn to drive at the age of 16 , and they can master driving skills very quickly ( within a month or two ) . Soon they can drive to wherever they want to go , and we also see people at the age of 80 still driving to their destinations as they are used to it .
So who can be bothered to take public transportation anymore ?
Third , public transportation sucks , when you think about it . You can picture the crowded subways , dirty buses , and the difficulty / hassles of the public transportation transfers in your mind .
The wasted time also should weigh in , whether it is waiting for the trains , or waiting for the delayed buses , not to mention the longer time it takes compared to travelling in a car .
And driving your own car can be very convenient too ; it can go right to your own garage .
All in all , public transport is not as fast as a car can be , it 's not as convenient as a car can be , so its future is in doubt .
I agree with this statement that being safe is better than feeling sorry .
There are the three following reasons .
Firstly , no one likes to be sad .
Life is full of good things . Why do n't we look to the full side of the cup instead of looking at the empty one ?
Being sad and sorry will destroy your life , because you will not be able to work , eat and live in a good way .
All of this will affect your life badly . Maybe you will lose your job or your health will not be good anymore .
Secondly , everybody seeks safety in their lives .
Look around you , crimes and death are surrounding us . All these people are dreaming of living a peaceful life without all the problems of killing and sadness .
People are fighting as hard as they can just to achieve a calm life where everyone of them can be safe .
Thirdly , I lived for two years without feeling safe and comfortable .
The war in my country made me feel no longer safe .
For that reason , I believe that being safe is absolutely better than being sorry . I will always remember my dad telling me to calm down , saying that life will go on and one day all of us will be satisfied with this life .
In conclusion , I think that all of us should see through rose -tinted glasses and be happy , because you live a calm life without anything making you sorry .
Be someone famous for a day
If I could change places for 24 hours with a famous person , I would like to be Paula Echevarria .
I will start by telling you something about Paula Echevarria . She is a very pretty and famous actress . She also writes a fashion blog . She is 34 years old and she is married to David Bustamente , who is a popular and handsome singer in Spain . They have a daughter - her name is Daniela - and they are like a perfect family .
I have chosen Paula because she is popular , famous , rich and has the perfect husband . But , above all , I choose her because she is friendly , intelligent and always smiling .
Therefore , she has everything good about being a celebrity , but the most important is that she is a great person .
Let me conclude by saying that I would like to be Paula for one day , because not only is she a good professional , but she is also a wonderful role model to be followed by everyone .
I would like to talk about my hobby of breeding birds . This hobby is very pleasant for me and also for many people , especially when you have different kinds of singing birds like canaries or finches .
This hobby gives me pleasure and a good sense of nature , especially when I wake up with the sound of the singing birds in my house .
At present , I have three kinds of birds . One of them is a yellow canary , the second one is a finch , and the third one is a combination of two kinds of birds . Each bird has its own special voice .
I started this hobby in 2007 , and since then I have tried to have many different kinds of singing birds . I spend one day in the week taking care of them , feeding them , cleaning the cages , changing the water .
I would like to recommend this hobby to many people , because it gives us the sense of nature and fills the house with joy and happiness .
By increasing the variety of cars with new technology , people 's demand hasn't ' stopped .
But are these newcomers going to be replaced by public transport ?
As technology enhances the life system in any way possible , people become more dependent and ca n't avoid it because of many different attractions that these cars have .
Another reason for using their own car is that it provides easy access in a second .
Furthermore , there are advantages to travelling by car , like seeing the scenery and also the costs are less in comparison with a plane .
But it 's not possible that everyone has and uses their own car .
In that case , there would be huge chaos .
Traffic jams will cost a lot , causing problems such as pollution , which certainly causes more health problems and will create expenses not only for us , but for others as well .
The solution is public transport again , which increases the pace of life and makes it easy to access by subways and special roads .
On the other hand , by increasing the population , we should revise the regulations with the fast pace of technology .
To sum up , as thought cars are too convenient to some extent , but the cost will reduce the benefits .
So , for sure , we will use public transport but maybe with some changes .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
I am writing in response to your advertisement for the job in the USA summer camps .
I am interested in applying for this position .
I am 25 years old and have just finished university studies to be a sports teacher .
I think I am suitable for this position because I am hardworking and energetic .
I also have the proficiency ( CPE ) degree and I have been to the USA several times so my English knowledge is good .
Furthermore , during my studies at university I worked on 2 projects based on sports activities for children aged 7 - 13 , organising them .
Apart from that , I get on well with children and have no problems with working in the kitchens too .
This job would give me the opportunity to practise my skills and get more experience with children as well .
I am free for the job from the 20th of May until the 15th of September .
I am available for an interview every day from 3 to 7 p.m.
I am looking forward to hearing from you .
Yours sincerely ,
Aris Drechsler
Speaking English is becoming essential for students and workers .
For this reason , schools of English are opening in all the big cities as well as in most towns .
Studying English in your country lets you continue working or studying without changing your habits .
Anyway , it must be taken into account that English courses are often very expensive , and you have to study in a constant way to improve class by class .
In fact , usually there is just one class per week , and it is not enough without studying by yourself during the week .
Studying English abroad is the better alternative , but it has advantages and disadvantages .
On the one hand , living abroad will probably not be cheap , so it could be necessary to find a job , but this would be an advantage at the same time : working with English people would help you improve your speaking and listening quickly .
On the other hand , living abroad , you 'll need to speak English all the time and you 'll have the opportunity to learn English in a short time , and in a not boring way .
So , probably , if you have the opportunity to stay abroad for several months , you should do it , to learn English and live a different experience .
TIPS FOR TOURISTS
The aim of this report is to give some advice to all of you who like shopping .
In order to improve the time you spend on it , we will recommend you to star in one of our malls , where you can find at your disposal lots of facilities , from the most fashionable shop to the most traditional .
First of all , coming to a mall will help you to deal with them . Also , we have to rate positively the wide range of services you can find here : restaurants , coffee shops and some free areas to spare .
Another advantage is that you will find most of the shops you can find in the city centre but you wo n't get lost while you search for them .
For all of you who have kids , you will also be interested in the different areas which take care of them for free for as much time as you need .
I would strongly recommend this during nap time , to allow them to relax , otherwise you will have to leave sooner than you expected .
In conclusion , you will save time , money and a foot ache . So accept my advice and try to enjoy the rest of your time in the city .
I am going to write about a short story that I have read in the book " And all for love " .
Title : The kimono .
Written by Herbert Ernes Bates .
There are two main characters .
The plot is about a man , Arthur , twenty - five years old , who is engaged to a nice girl .
Arthur went to London for an appointment for a job interview .
The company requested him to go back three days later , so he was looking for a hotel that someone had recommended him .
He got lost and asked about the hotel in a cafe owned by Blanche , a beautiful girl .
He was delighted with her and fell in love immediately .
This changed his life forever .
He forgot his engagement and went to live with Blanche .
But all was not as wonderful as expected .
Twenty - five years later , he regrets his decision and wonders what would have happened if he had not met Blanche .
I chose this story because even though this story was written in the early twentieth century , the underlying theme is still current today .
And I would also like to highlight that it reflects the importance of every decision we make and how it can change our future .
" Atacama 33 "
" Atacama 33 " is a recent American movie that tells the true story of a group of miners that were trapped in a mine 700 metres underground in Chile for two months .
This group had a leader called Mario Casas , played by Antonio Banderas .
The film is well - developed and shows the audience every little issue and difficulty that the miners had to go through .
However , the first 17 days in the movie could become a bit tedious because the director focused on every single feeling of the trapped men and their families .
After that lapse , the rescuers found the place where the miners were hiding and the moment to rescue them started .
The characters were perfect because they were people from Chile and Bolivia that were involved in the real accident .
Antonio Banderas did an excellent job acting as a desperate leader committed to the local people .
Despite some details , I think you must n't miss this film if you want to know the truth about the recent miracle called " the Chilean miners " .
It is universally accepted that shopping is not always enjoyable .
However , other people think differently .
I agree that shopping is not always enjoyable .
Everyone knows that shopping is a good way to spend time and get positive emotions or just relax .
However , shopping can have a bad effect on our health , especially as we can feel tired or exhausted at the end of a hard day .
At the same time , there is one more opinion : that shopping is always enjoyable .
People claim that shopping can make our mood better , which in consequence will be fun .
As for me , I do n't agree with these people .
Quite often there is not enough air in the shopping centre and , as the result , you can get a headache or just feel bored .
In conclusion , I would like to say that there are different views about shopping and that 's not a surprise because we are all different .
Do we need the internet to enjoy life to the full ?
TheInternet has been developed a lot over the last few years , and we can use it easily for doing any tasks .
But is it a good invention for the world ?
To answer this question we have to analyze giving some positive and negative arguments .
On the positive side , the use of the internet helps us to quickly and easily find a lot of information about all the topics .
What is more , we only have to press one computer key to find what we are searching for .
For this reason , most people have the Internet at home .
On the negative side , the use of the Internet can be a waste of time in our lives ; this happens because although searching is faster , we can get distracted looking at other things on account of the attractions of the Internet .
Following the above argument , this is the danger of spending hours and hours surfing the web and not being in the real world enjoying life .
To sum up , the Internet is a good and efficient instrument if we know the correct use of it .
If not , it could be a waste of time that can produce the opposite of enjoying life .
Nowadays , it is very common to meet new people coming from abroad who speak different languages and speak about their home countries .
This makes us curious to learn more about foreign countries and their cultures .
But to learn new cultures , we must know their languages , especially if we want to travel .
Due to globalization , there are more and more multinational companies that require employees who can speak at least fluent English , but if a candidate knows more languages he can have more career opportunities and achieve top level positions .
In my opinion , it is very important to speak several languages , not only for the above reasons , but also to train your brain , to have the opportunity to find a job abroad and , why not
, to have more fun with friends whom we meet on our summer holidays abroad .
Unfortunately , it is very difficult to learn foreign languages when we are adults , so it is extremely important to teach and to study them from kindergarten age .
The doorbell rang insistently . It was Saturday in the early morning and I was still in bed .
The last low sound of the doorbell managed to wake me up . " I am not dreaming " , I thought , " Who is ringing at this time?"Then I jumped out of bed and quickly went downstairs .
I was still in pyjamas , so I did n't open the door fast .
First I asked " Who is ringing so early ? What 's happening?Suddenly , a familiar voice shouted to me through the door .
You do n't think opening the door to your little brother"Oh brother ! , I shouted , and I ran to open the door . "
What are you doing here ? , "
and he held me tightly .
What an amazing surprise ! I was very emotional and was about to cry . "
But you were in Ireland . What are you doing here ? I was n't expecting you . " "
I wanted to surprise you , sister ! I miss you .
I am so far from home .
It is sometimes very hard for me . " "
Oh , I miss you too and I was looking forward to seeing you .
I'm very excited because you are here .
We are finally together .
It 's three months since I was in Ireland visiting you .
I hope you are going to spend a lot of time now with me . " "
Yes .
I 'm going to stay one week .
I'm on holiday from school . "
Dear Jane ,
Thanks for your letter , it was so nice to hear from you !
How are you ?
I think it is an amazing project that you are doing .
In answer to your question about the use of the internet by young people of our age , I think it is very helpful to get information more easily and quickly .
Also , it plays a great role in removing the borders between nations . In a matter of seconds we can now communicate with people around the world , whether for important business matters or just to talk to a friend .
Nowadays , the Internet is very useful , it has many ways of helping people , such us helping with their homework , using Google , or entertainment websites like Youtube , email services such as Hotmail , and the number one social network site , Facebook .
Obviously , we can not imagine how much time we spend online , because the whole day we are connected , in our houses , on mobile phones and on computers at work .
If there is anything else you want to know , drop me a line anytime .
Love ,
Stefania
My favourite way to travel is by train because I love looking at the scenery through the windows .
I think it is a bohemian way to travel too , because the train used to be one of the most appreciated means of transport in literature .
When you take a train , you can read and feel like Phileas Fogg in " Around the world in 80 days " .
I feel better when I travel by land because I have a fear of heights .
Although experts say the plane is the safest means of transport , I continue to think it is very dangerous .
Probably , I 'm afraid of planes , because the media usually show plane accidents more often .
The boat is a very beautiful way to travel , but I 'm sure when I travel by boat in the future , I 'll feel anxiety because I 'll be surrounded by water .
In conclusion , my main problem is concern about how safe the means of transport that I take is , so , the train lets me be more relaxed than other ways to travel .
Volleyball is a complete sport where you can exercise all your muscles .
It 's a sport where two teams play on a court , which is separated by a central net .
The players have got a ball which has to cross to the other side .
Each team has got a limited number of taps to return the ball .
The ball is usually hit with the hands and arms , but also with any part of the body .
A feature of volleyball is that the players have to rotate their positions while they are scoring points .
In fact , I enjoy playing volleyball because it is a fun sport which you can play with a lot of people , eleven people to be precise .
I suggest to new players of volleyball that they should start step by step .
It 's a sport that looks easy , but you can injure yourself easily .
Wear comfortable clothes and suitable shoes .
Young people may face some health issues , making bad choices , like drugs and alcohol and also a negative body image , including crash dieting , eating disorders and obesity .
Nowadays , they have to work through a lot of issues while they are in their adolescence . They begin to have a lack of self - esteem , depression , social pressure , and all this can cause a lot of problems .
I 'm going to write about obesity . A lot of people do n't eat correctly , they consume a lot of junk food and this has effects on their health .
They have to realise that if they continue eating that way and not doing any exercise they are more likely to have different diseases .
Maybe a lot of people that are fat do n't have the time to do exercise , or they have other reasons , but that is not an excuse , they have to have the habit of eating healthy food .
Another problem is that the junk food is really cheap , even cheaper than the healthy food , and people prefer to buy something cheaper and that 's a big problem .
They need to create a new lifestyle habit to reduce obesity and have a better body image , they should have a healthy diet , and do physical activity .
All this to be in your perfect healthy body .
I went to a workshop about a light - controlled synthesizer .
To get to the place they were holding the workshop in , you had to go to the Chester Beatty library and then the guides arrived and led you to it .
On the way there , everyone who participated in the workshop stopped to buy some snacks .
We were told to choose biscuits and the guides paid for us .
When we reached the workshop , the kids and I were told to put on protective glasses and given booklets with the instructions .
We were taught how to solder two wires together and how to solder a wire to a vero board .
We were instructed to make a badge that flashed different coloured light by using solder to attach the LED and battery hatch to the badge .
Then we had to follow the instructions in the booklet to make the synthesizer .
At first I was quite confused , but then one of the instructors came and helped me out .
After that , we had a snack and then went on to assemble all the parts .
We put them in metal boxes and turned them on .
Each synthesizer emitted a loud noise .
When the light sensor is in the shade , the synthesizer emits a lower pitch , and when the sensor is exposed to light , the synthesizer 's pitch rises .
I worked as an Advocate ( Solicitor ) for a period of more than four years and from those jobs I gained lots of experience in minute taking , dealing with clients , arranging meetings and handling cases .
I am a proficient user of Microsoft Office packages .
In my first placement , I had to deal with lots of cases relating to the violation of children 's rights .
I worked voluntarily for some cases relating to juvenile justice , like ( speedy disposal of cases , abuse of their rights while they were in custody , custodial death etc . )
I worked on a project about how education as a fundamental right for children under 14 years of age is denied in some communities .
This job is related to my subjects of interest .
In my second placement , I had to do lots of administrative work , including typing .
I had to work as a liaison with clients as well as the company officials ( since Shriram Law Consultants is a part of the Shriram Group of Companies ) .
The article and the lecture are about the attitude towards conducting medical experiments on animals .
The author claims that the main aim of the scientists is to reduce human suffering even if it demands research conducted on animals .
The lecturer opposes this idea , as , in her view , medical experiments on animals should not be conducted .
Firstly , the author informs us about the impossibility of discovering new types of drugs .
The lecturer answers back , saying that different types of medicine have different impacts on different species .
Secondly , the author suggests that it is impossible to replace experiments on animals with anything else .
The lecturer disagrees with that point of view , because it is possible to introduce computer substitution or do research on tissues .
Thirdly , the author considers that such tests keep animal suffering to a minimum .
The lecturer argues that , as a biologist , she used to see animals suffering without the appropriate amount of anesthesia .
The topic of the two passages is about future use of hydroger - based fuel - cell engines .
The article states that the most efficient replacement for internal - combustion engines will be fuel - cell engines , because of their various advantages , while the reader refutes this point by stating that hydrogen does not have so many advantages .
First of all , the reading passage says that the internal - combustion engine relies on petroleum , which will soon be depleted , but hydrogen will not deplete easily .
The professor counters this point by explaining that hydrogen is , in fact , not easily found .
She adds that it is not directly usable , because hydrogen should be obtained in a pure liquid state , which technologically is very hard to keep under -200 degrees Celsius .
Secondly , the article states that this hydrogen use will solve pollution problems , inasmuch as it uses not carbon dioxide , but water .
The professor contradicts the idea by saying that will not solve the pollution problem , because it needs to be purified in order to be used .
She explains that in the process of purification , a large amount of coal and oil is burned , which pollutes factories rather than the environment .
Finally , the article says that the use of hydrogen is highly economical , because it requires only half of the energy of internal - combustion - powered cars .
The professor says that the claim is untrue , because the material from which the cells are produced is very expensive .
She explains that platinum is very hard to find and , without this metal , it is impossible to produce hydrogen .
An Unexpected Success
I am a fairly calm person and I am interested in reading every kind of book , therefore , I have a quiet life .
Last Spring , however , something happened which surprised everybody , especially me .
My little sister wanted to learn to play the piano so she joined a music school which organised a concert performance at the end of the course .
I went with her and I waited for her the whole lesson .
That meant that after some months I was able to read sheet music .
But a few months before the concert , disaster struck !
My sister fell off her bike and hurt her wrist .
Unfortunately , she could no longer play .
The teacher said to me ' Could you play in place of your sister ?
You are able to read the sheet music and I think you will learn to play the piano in a while . '
I was absolutely terrified as I had to show .
However , the teacher persuaded me to try to play the piano .
Only then did I realise that I was keen on playing .
As a result , I spent time playing the piano until I felt far more confident .
The day of the concert , I was so nervous that I could n't stop walking .
But when I started , I relaxed and felt like I was the only person in the theatre .
At the end of the concert , everybody applauded . had I never felt so good .
I am definitely going to play the piano for a long time .
A person who I admire
One of the people who I admire is Martin Luther King .
He was the pastor of a Baptist Church and he fought against the discrimination against black people in the United States in the 60s .
He founded the civil rights movement to free black people from racial segregation and inequality .
He participated a lot of times in meetings , as a leader , and he went against the law several times .
He decided not to use violence in this kind of action , because he was concerned about fighting against the Vietnam War and poverty .
The other goal of Martin Luther King was the right to vote for African American people .
One of his most famous speeches was " I have a dream " , where he described equality in society between white and black people , where all people can live together .
He was murdered in 1968 , in Memphis . He was 39 years old .
Report on shopping facilities in my town :
Introduction :
The aim of this report is to assess the most interesting shops for tourists and make some suggestions .
Shopping facilities :
Most people are satisfied with shops in my town in spite of it being quite small .
However , the relation between the quality and the price of products is believed to be the most essential reason to visit Cáceres .
In general , shops are concentrated in a specific zone so that tourists can find what they are interested in very easily .
Suggestions :
In general , tourists think shops should be opened at midday as they are foreigners and like to buy things after seeing the sights around the city .
It is thought that the best shops in Cáceres are found in the old town , as it has a medieval charm which attracts visitors at that time .
Conclusion and recommendations :
Overall , the majority of tourists prefer to buy typical products from the region and , besides , it is very enjoyable to have a meal in San Juan Square while people walk around looking at the main clothes shops situated in the main street before going to the heritage town .
Hi Jo ,
I 'm glad to hear from you and I want you to come to Russia for your holidays .
You know that Russia is a big country and there are a lot of places to visit .
In our country there are a few different climate zones with very rich nature , and various cities with old and important history and culture .
I 'm pretty sure that your journey to Russia will be a very good and interesting experience .
First of all , you can come to Moscow .
As you know , Moscow is the capital of the Russian Federation . It 's a very fast , energetic city with lots of things to do and to see .
In the city there are a lot of museums and art galleries , theaters and clubs , a few parks which provide different events like open - air concerts or public muster - classes .
Of course , you must visit Red Square , the Kremlin and Saint Basil 's Cathedral .
I strongly recommend you to book online tickets to the Big Theater and visit it s opera or ballet .
You know the Big Theater is one of the oldest in Russia with very rich traditions of ballet school .
Maybe you remember the famous Diagelev 's seasons which were popular in Europe at the beginning of the 20th century .
Nowadays , artists of the Theater try to keep that old school and develop their mastery .
In addition , a few years ago , the Big Theater was restored and has regained its original appearance .
There is no need to describe all the sightseeing in Moscow . You can easily find it on the Internet . I just want to say that I 'm sure you 'll like it a lot .
After Moscow , you can visit the towns of the Gold Ring .
It 's a group of the oldest Russian cities which were centers of the principalities during the ancient period of Russian history .
There you can feel the spirit of antiquity and the huge contrast between Moscow and provincial Russia .
You will understand that people here and there are very different and their lifestyles are dissimilar .
Hello my friend
You know last week Alex and I went to my favorite band 's concert . It was really fun . The whole band line up played for about an hour and a half , but it seemed to me like just a few minutes .
They played all the greatest hits from the 80 's and some other songs from their new album .
People were really excited about the show . They just had three costume changes , but the show was amazing , and the lights and the sound were fantastic .
I could n't wait to listen to my favorite song until they played it . It was the best experience ever . I wish you could have been there to see that .
Hope we have the chance to see each other next month .
Write soon
Regards .
Terry
DEAR MARY ,
NICE TO HEAR FROM YOU AGAIN .
IT 'S BEEN SUCH A LONG TIME SINCE WE WROTE TO EACH OTHER .
HOW ARE YOU AND YOUR FAMILY ?
MY FAMILY IS VERY HAPPY TO MEET YOU !
I'M GOING TO GIVE YOU SOME INFORMATION ABOUT PUBLIC TRANSPORT IN NAPLES AND I HOPE IT'LL BE USEFUL .
I DON'T RECOMMEND GETTING A TAXI BECAUSE IT 'S TOO EXPENSIVE .
I THINK THAT THE EASIEST MODE OF TRANSPORT FOR YOU IS THE UNDERGROUND ; NEAR THE TRAIN IN GARIBALDI SQUARE THERE IS THE UNDERGROUND THAT YOU HAVE TO CATCH AND YOU HAVE TO GET OFF AT CHIAIANO STATION . I'LL BE AT CHAIANO STATION , SO WE WILL WALK TO MY HOME .
ABOUT THE WEATHER , I CAN SAY THAT NOW IT IS STILL HOT , BUT NEXT MONTH WILL BE COLDER , SO I SUGGEST THAT YOU SHOULD PUT SOME SWEATERS IN YOUR LUGGAGE , AND ALSO SOME HIGH HEELS BECAUSE WE'LL GO TO THE DISCO !
ALL THE BEST ,
SILVIA
Some people claim that universities and colleges should not spend a great deal of money on sports and social activities , as their budgets should prioritize classes and libraries .
However , as educational institutions , universities and colleges have an obligation to provide a wide range of knowledge for their students to help them develop academically and socially .
Let us look at an example of a university student .
The student had a great number of assignments and projects , so he spent more time on accessing the library , becoming more ambitious to study books , and using a computer to search the for latest information .
Sometimes he felt tired of doing papers , and went to the gym to play basketball .
Therefore , not only did he get high scores in the reports , having absorbed a great deal of knowledge at the library , but he reduced the study stress and kept healthy at the gym .
I had a similar experience
when I studied at university . I sat in classes for hours every day .
When I finished classes , I liked to go to the health center , not only to do exercises , but to stay healthy .
At university , I also have a lot of assignments , so I like to go to the library to study , where it is more quiet , spacious and internet accessible .
That 's why I like to go to a school with good facilities and widespread information to help me to be a successful person .
Sports and social activities can greatly improve my efficiency .
In addition , my academic education also stands out in my student life .
For these reasons , I maintain that universities and colleges should spend enough money on academic education and social activities to prepare students for their future development .
Academic education will always be at the heart of a university .
In universities , sports and social activities should by no means take the place of a focus on academic study .
I believe that universities and colleges should spend adequate budget on academic facilities as well as sports and social activities .
Teenagers usually do n't know what to study because they feel confused .
It is a great life stage , but at the same time , it is difficult . Sometimes teenagers have problems with their families , with themselves . As a result , they do n't know what to choose .
Many times , when people leave high school and they go to University , they realise after several months that the course they had chosen is not for them .
On the other hand , when teenagers take a year off , it is helpful for them to become mature .
You can work , travel , go on an exchange study program , rest and do something that you are interested in .
A lot of people think it is a waste of time , but that is not true .
When students go to university after they have taken a year off , fewer people leave the course after several months because they know themselves better .
I 'm interested in doing a course at your school .
I 've been studying English for eight years and now I want to improve my English level because I need it in my job .
I have an intermediate level and I 'd like to speak English better because my pronunciation is n't very good .
My grammar and writing are good , but as I 've said already , my pronunciation is awful .
I 'm available to start the course immediately and I want both an eight - week intensive course and a one - month summer course in August , when I 'll be on holiday , and in addition , I 'd like to learn in small groups because the teacher can focus on his pupils better .
In my spare time I like reading English books and going shopping with my mother .
Twenty years ago , no one would have thought of the invention of the iPad or smartphones and how they could change our lives , but today , these items have become necessities of our daily lives . Nowadays , many people have got into the habit of carrying their smartphones no matter where they go .
The progress of science , whether it is in scientific research or in the design of consumer products , has changed our lives and will definitely keep changing our lives in the future .
The iPad , smartphones , genetic food engineering , all of them have one thing in common - they have changed our lives dramatically .
Take genetic engineering as an example . On the one hand , it helps farmers to produce more crops and meats ; on the other , it makes people believe that scientists can help in finding more efficient ways of producing more crops and poultry in the future , resulting in an unprecedented increase in the human population , which brings pollution to the environment .
To cope with the problems of overpopulation and pollution , people need to dramatically change their lives in the next 50 years : they may , among other things , face tight birth control and environmental protection measures imposed by the government .
It is sad to say that the future generations have no choice but to adapt to the changes in order to survive .
Dear Sir / Madam
My name is Stelios . I am a 15-year - old boy and am sending this letter to apply for the job at USA SUMMER CAMPS . I believe that I am suitable for the job and I hope that you 'll agree .
To begin with , I am a fluent speaker of English . I worked in numerous camps last summer .
As a result , I could be very helpful with organising sports and activities , but I could also provide assistance in other places , including the kitchen .
Furthermore , I am cheerful , energetic , and I get on well with kids .
To conclude , I believe that I am ideal for the job and I would love to work with the USA SUMMER CAMPS , so the kids who go there can have their best summer holiday .
Yours faithfully ,
Stelios Metaxas
I watched the film one month ago and it has really impressive and engrossing effects .
The film is about a movie shooting and the adventures of a film crew which is in Bolivia .
They try to make a film which explains how Christoph Colomb discovered America and talks about what Colomb 's aims were .
They come across some problems while they are shooting the film and this supplies quite a few strong highlights .
These problems are imperialism and poverty .
Actually , they want to describe the history of discovery and conquest from a critical perspective , but while shooting the film , there are some protests against the privatization of water and the team fall into chaos and then the film starts to give some social and political messages .
The messages are very important ones which affected me .
The private companies try to keep all the public 's water , which is vital for living , rain is in danger ; even the rain …
The crucial point is the transformations and experienced contradictions of the characters .
In our imperialist and capitalist world , we need more films or artistic influences which mention the problems of our life and realities .
I do n't think that there is no future for public transport and I agree that travelling by car is much more convenient .
If the government provided good transport infrastructure like modern and comfort buses , traffic free Metro lines , then people would rather use public transport than travel by car .
Nowadays , the world is facing big issues , like climate change and carbon emissions .
Governments should promote the best mode of transport in order to reduce carbon emissions and people would be encouraged to go green .
Many times , because of huge traffic congestion on the road , we waste our time , while using public transport like the Metro saves us time .
There are many cities in the world planning car free days and promoting the use of public transport .
Department stores are found in all big cities .
There you can find almost everything you want .
In this fast - moving world , shopping is one of the most important things , but I strongly believe it is not always enjoyable .
First , shopping complexes are full of branches of big chain - stores , so it can be boring to walk through them for a long time .
Second , if you ca n't control your shopping habits , you will buy more and more things you do n't need , so that you could have a problem with your budget .
In my opinion , this is the reason that shopping is not always enjoyable and full of pleasure .
CONTRIBUTION TO A LONGER PIECE
I always love writing .
I have always loved reading .
You never know what you are going to find when you are reading ( or writing ) and less if you are doing it on the Internet .
There are such interesting websites and blogs where you can find out something very useful that you would never have expected or , unsurprisingly , misinformation .
WHY BLOGS APPEAL TO BOTH READERS AND WRITERS
Many people will find blogs and websites useful in order to meet new people .
We know that making social contact can sometimes be a problem for a wide range of people , who sometimes find it a lonely and daunting experience .
However , on the internet you can find not only meeting points but practical and very thought - provoking articles in blogs .
In my experience , being in front of the screen of a personal computer , you will be able to express and exchange ideas or opinions as easily as if you have to in front of someone else .
However , both readers and writers do not only do it in an altruistic and philanthropic way , but to get fame and popularity at the same time . Blogs and websites could give them the chance to become famous if they really appeal to a large number of people and they will also be able to earn money thanks to advertising .
Consequently , we should never blindly trust everything we see or read on the Internet .
THE BLOG I FOLLOW
To give an example , I usually follow a blog whose main task is to inform about novelties of new and old series , characters , new seasons , and when they will be ready to watch again .
Whether they give us reliable information or not usually depends on the source .
That 's the point of the Internet .
You must n't take everything into account .
To clarify what the situation is , it is true that not everybody may be interested in blogs or websites , but the fact is writing or reading a blog can give people a practical way to communicate and share preferences , beliefs or thoughts . however , more or less reliable .
Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately .
First , I want to explain why those words came to Peter 's head .
He was hunting on a hot day in summer in the countryside near Monfrague with Jon , a friend from Madrid .
Jon did n't usually go to the countryside , so he did not know how to walk over the stones and he was afraid .
After drinking water from the bottle , he fell over on the grass and Peter saw that Jon 's leg was broken .
There was a lot of blood and it was then that Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately .
He thought that they must go to the Hospital quickly , because Jon would have a serious problem if he lost more blood .
Jon 's face was white and his lips were blue .
Finally , Peter ran to the car and went to pick Jon up .
Two hours later , they were in the emergency room of Cáceres Hospital and the doctors were treating Jon ' s leg .
If Peter had not run , perhaps Jon would have died .
Dear Volunteer Co - ordinator
My name is Farit .
I 'm writing to you in connection with your volunteer project , whose
description I found at http://http://europa.eu / youth/. I would like to know whether you are
accepting applications at the moment .
Your project is very compelling for me .
I wish I could
take part in it . I could help you with teaching math , together with computer programming ,
in an engaging and interesting way . I 'm passionate about math and programming .
I 'm a 25-year - old male from Russia .
Currently , I am working as a python programmer .
Programming language is a great choice for teaching kids to program .
It 's an easy , beautiful language .
Programming is fun and math concepts are absorbed much more easily through it .
I have a bachelor 's degree in mathematics ( I 'm a math teacher ) and a master 's degree in computer science .
Please let me know if you are looking for volunteers and if you are considering
applicants from Russia .
I will be happy to send you my CV and covering letter .
Looking forward to hearing from you
Thanks in advance
Farit Blokhin
P.S
Would you be so kind as to tell me the aapplication deadlines , and program start and end date .
I have a sending organisation " Centre for Youth Studies - Higher School of Economics "
( accreditation number 2014-XT-16 )
Hi , my name is Henry and I would like to apply for the job .
Nowadays , I live in Aberdeen ( Scotland ) but I am from Spain .
There , I studied Geology . When I finished my degree I decided to move to Aberdeen in order to improve my English and travel around Scotland .
I am an adventure Geologist , so I like to discover new places and , above all things , I love nature . I would be happy to visit the USA because I have never been there . I think it is a very rich country , it is very big , with a lot of people and I would be glad to meet them .
I have two little brothers , two nieces and one nephew , so I am around children and I love it .
My brothers , nieces and nephew are an important part of my life , so I am always playing with them .
I often try to play interesting games with the children . I think the games are a fun way to teach interesting things both to children and to older people . That is why I invent new methods to introduce science in the children 's lives .
The favorite game for my brothers is called " coca boom " . With this game I showed them what chemistry is . We cough a " Coke " and some " Mentos " sweets , then I put the " Mentos " into the " Coke " and I taught them what happens when you mix two substances .
Also , I think I would be a good person for the job because I like nature . I could teach them a lot of things about Geology , a camp is perfect for introducing the boys and girls to stones and minerals .
I would be happy if you considered me if there are vacancies .
Hi !
My name is Filip Jönsson . I 'm 13 years old .
I have a sister whose name is Andrea Jönsson . She 's 16 years old .
My parents are divorced .
My parents ' names are Susanna and Peder .
I have three dogs , one at my dad 's and two at my mom 's .
Their names are Harry , Alice and Bonti .
Bonti is very old . She is 13 and she is feeling pretty bad , so I do n't think she will be alive much longer .
Harry and Alice are seven and one .
I play basketball in my free time and hang out with my friends from my old school .
We all have things in common , like riding scooters .
We have a lot of fun .
I have moved a lot in my life . As I said before , my parents are divorced and because of that I have moved a lot .
My favorite place on earth is Hawaii .
I will never forget that trip .
At our hotel there was like a water park . It was enormous .
That trip made me a lot of friends , I 'm still in contact with them and this trip was two summers ago .
We all liked it so much , so we are thinking about going back there sometime .
There was this amazing beach , we could hire paddle boards , snorkel gear , kayaks and other fun water things . And , one day , my mom and I went out early and hired a kayak and went out on the water and we saw sea turtles .
I had hired snorkel gear and a water camera , so I took pictures of sea turtle on the bottom .
After a week , we went home .
My favorite book is " The Hunger Games " .
When I got it , I read it for five hours in a row .
I like that book so much because it is pretty realistic and it could happen in the real world sometime .
It 's pretty scary because of all that happens in the book , all the dead bodies and hurt people .
But if you haven't read it , I suggest you read it .
My favorite TV series is called " Lost " .
I have seen all the episodes and I still watch it because it 's so good .
I like it so much because it 's dramatic , full of action and adventure .
It does actually remind me of my favorite video game , which is called " Minecraft " . You must have heard about it .
Everything is made of blocks and you can build and play with friends .
I have played many sports in my life , like football , golf and tennis .
I have been playing tennis since I was four years old .
But I played basketball and tennis at the same time , so I chose basketball , because I think it 's fun .
Visiting museums is an essential part of their travel to new places for many people .
Besides seeing touristic or historical places and attending open - air activities , people also want to see the museums of the city they visit .
Because museums offer so many interesting and different things , they differ from other places in the city being visited .
First of all , people visit museums to learn the history of the city being visited . We know that museums are generally established to exhibit special and unique belongings which are historically valuable as well as to exhibit modern belongings .
These old things in the museum give us unique information about the history of the city and its social life .
For example , when you go to the Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York City , you can see lots of historical monuments and items belonging to American history and also other countries ' history .
Observing these items , you can get an idea about the old times of the place you are visiting .
Secondly , museums are places from where you can learn about the culture of the city you are visiting .
Many items in museums have cultural value as well as historical value .
For instance , art museums include art collections such as paintings by many different artists .
Some of them were made in the modern style and some of them in the classic .
You can get an idea of the culture of the city from these paintings .
The third advantage of visiting a museum is that you can have fun visiting a museum .
Besides historic and cultural characters , some museums also can be a source of fun , including attractive activities .
If you are bored with seeing classical museums , you can go to thematic museums such as a natural history museum .
There you can see dinosaurs from prehistoric times .
It can be amazing to see different species of animals which are no longer living .
In sum , museums are attractive places for tourists to find out about the city they are visiting .
By visiting museums we can learn interesting details about the history and culture of that society .
In addition to having lots of information , we also can have fun seeing interesting things in the museums , such as huge dinosaurs . You may feel incomplete if you do not visit the museum of the new place you visit .
I ca n't agree with the statement that there is no future for public transport .
Today plenty of ecology organisations are trying to raise people 's awareness of the environmental damage .
They say it is caused by burning oil , so society demands itself to enclose it .
It is often necessary to have a car when living in a small city or village without public transport , and it is understandable .
But while living in a big city , where there are lots of bus stops , tram stops or metro stations , it is quite incomprehensible that people want to drive their own car and be stuck in a jam during rush hours .
As the ecology organisations says , it is better for the environment , and as we decided , it is better for us to save our precious time .
Increasingly , people prefer to use public transport rather than drive a car for these reasons .
It is not true that public transport has no future .
The bigger the city is , the more important public transport is .
And now , when cities are expanding , public transport will be more important than ever .
The importance of the internet in our lives
The last decades there has been a massive change in our lives . This is caused by the development of the internet .
There have been some positive and negative effects on the possibilities to study and on social life .
In this essay I will describe some of those effects .
These days , a lot of students are using the internet as a study tool .
The internet allows you to search for information in massive online libraries for research and writing essays .
There are massive online libraries like Science Direct or Google Scholar to find the publications of researchers around the world .
The internet is becoming important for our studies because of the availability of information sources .
The greatest impact of the internet on our lives is the use of social media .
Almost everybody has at this moment at least one account on a social media network like Facebook or LinkedIn .
The positive effect is that it is possible to be in contact with your friends and family whenever , wherever .
One of the downsides is that you are not able to get away from your bully .
This could drive someone crazy and make them very miserable .
The greatest impact of the internet on our lives is the use of social media because you can get in contact with everybody around the clock .
The internet has a lot of consequences in our lives .
It makes it possible to study and do research more easily .
Also , it gives us the possibility to get in contact with family and friends .
There are also negative effects like bullying !
I think we should use the internet carefully and keep using it with caution .
In my life there are so many sports I like but there is one in particular that I love so much .
It is football .
When I was young I saw my father watching football programmes every day but I did n't understand what football was .
However , over time I began to understand how to play and I liked it much more than in the past .
In fact , when I was sixteen years old , I began to go to the stadium with my friends every Sunday .
In Italy , football is the most followed sport , especially in my town where the most important player in the world played : Diego Armando Maradona .
He played for my town 's club : Napoli .
He won two national championships and also an important European competition .
Every day in my town , people talk only about football because it can give you a lot of emotions .
A football match is something special and you do n't see the time that arrive Sunday to watch your favourite club 's match .
On the other hand , my advice that I would give to someone who is starting this kind of sport is that he must do it with a lot of responsibility and sacrifice if he wants to become another Maradona .
Nowadays , most people travel by car every day instead of using public transport .
But , is it really necessary ?
Is it best for the pollution and the environment ?
In the morning , everyone goes to their job by car , but I think that the real reason for doing this is that we need to do a lot of things during the day and with public transport we spend more time than doing the same with our own vehicle .
But , I think that in other cases we take the car without any reason . It 's only a bad habit and maybe we could change it to improve our health ( going on foot or taking a bike for example ) and also we will help to the environment and the pollution .
For example , I 'm a commuter and I also need my car to pick up my daughter from school in the afternoons . I live in a bustling city , I do n't like the traffic . Then when I get away from the hustle and bustle of the city I usually go to my village .
The car is not necessary in my quiet village and I feel really happy there .
Hello guys , my name is Matteo Davide and I love a lot of things in my life , but the most important is : playing tennis .
I play this game four times a week in a really beautiful centre which is called ' Rai ' .
There are around ten tennis courts , one swimming pool , two football pitches and three gyms .
In my opinion , tennis is the best sport because I 'm an individualist , so I prefer individual sports , because in these kinds of games everything depends on you .
In others sports , this is not the case .
For example , during a football match , if you make a mistake it is n't too important because you have a team which can remedy it , even if you do nothing .
Another reason for loving this sport is that having a racket in my hands , for me , is beautiful .
If you want to start playing this sport , remember that when you are playing every point is important and you must n't relax during the match , even if you are winning by a very big advantage , because , in a few minutes , you could lose the match .
I hope this sport will have more importance in Italy in the future .
Dear Chairman ,
I am writing to you to raise an important issue concerning the school library .
I look forward to understanding and I hope we will reach a consensus .
First of all , it is very important to me to determine the basic problem of our school .
For many years , we pupils have been waiting for a library .
Yet , it has still not been built .
Together with an unofficial Student Council , we created a petition which is to raise the issue with the teaching council .
Our priority is good preparation for the secondary school certificate .
For this purpose , we need a quiet place to study .
Moreover , pupils demand the possibility to borrow books .
It is the most important matter , because most of us are not able to buy highly educational books .
They are simply too expensive .
Our request boils down to the fundamental role of education .
It is broadening the horizons of our knowledge .
Besides the issues that have already been mentioned , there is also the undisputed fact that if our school had a rich computerized library , it would be more representative .
Given the rationality of the above arguments , we pupils expect the positive consideration of our request .
Respectfully yours ,
Piotr Dudek .
Our lives have changed a lot since the last century due to technological improvements and changes in society .
But how will people 's lives change in the next 50 years ?
This is a difficult question to answer too quickly because we have to take into account that we have not enough knowledge at all to do it .
That 's why we have to describe some important ideas related to this topic .
First of all , as we said before , people 's lives have changed due to two important elements , which are technological improvements and changes in society .
The first one is very obvious because , every day , researchers are discovering new things and improving the scientific knowledge that allows us to create new inventions and improve the old ones .
For example , one of the most important devices that has taken an important role in our lives is the mobile phone , which has changed extremely fast over the last ten years .
Another example is cars , which are going the same way as the mobile phone has done .
The second one is very important too , because society has changed a lot as well as people 's minds .
For instance , one hundred years ago , it was impossible to see a woman working and supporting the whole family alone financially , or studying for a degree at university , things that today are very usual and well accepted in our society .
In addition , there are other conditions and facts that have helped to change people 's lives , such as political decisions , global wars and global economic problems , etc .
To sum up , there are many issues that affect people 's lives and we do not know how they will change in the future , but we are sure that in 50 years from now there will be an important change as happened 50 years ago .
Dear Mr Bond ,
I am writing to You in connection with your request for information about an interesting building or place to visit in Katowice .
First , I would like to tell you that Katowice is a wonderful city , full of great places to see .
The most interesting is the art gallery , Oko Miasta , which is located in the city centre .
It is a very distinctive place because of its size , its appearance and its atmosphere .
What 's more , in the middle of the building , there is a small library where people usually buy the latest books and papers .
It is a good place for everyone who wants to get some Polish literature .
Furthermore , in the building of the art gallery there is a club Oko .
Not only is it the popular place among young Polish citizens , but it is also really extraordinary : people can walk the red carpet and drink the most famous drinks .
In my opinion , the art gallery , Oko Miasta , would be the best place you could visit with your group .
I recommend it because it is the best place for young people .
I hope my help was useful .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Yours sincerely ,
XYZ
Hit and run
Do you like adventure sports ?
Or do you prefer the relaxed ones ?
If you have said yes , grass hockey is for you .
Grass hockey is a popular sport played by people of all ages and it 's played more in countries like Britain , Argentina or Germany , than in Spain or Italy .
This sport consists of beating the rival by scoring as many goals as possible .
In order to score , you should push a small white plastic ball into the goal using a stick .
In my opinion , grass hockey is the best sport you can play as it requires you to be really focused on hitting the ball correctly .
Besides , when you play it , you must move your whole body , because you have to run and guide the ball over the field .
So now , if you 're thinking hockey is for you , I recommend you to buy a pair of good grass boots .
And do n't worry if you are not good at sports that involve using a tool , you can always be the goal keeper in your team .
It was a normal Friday afternoon .
Michael was home alone , spending time in front of the TV , watching his favourite movie .
While he was lost in the action , a strange and unexpected sound came from his sister 's bedroom .
He continued watching the movie , thinking it must be nothing .
Then there it was again , the sound .
" Hello , is someone there ? " , Michael asked .
Suddenly , a loud bang .
Michael reached for his baseball bat , ready to look into what was going on .
He tiptoed to his sister 's room , knocked silently , hoping there was no answer .
And there was n't .
" Okay , I think it 's time I went in " .
He slowly opened the door , and a cat jumped right in front of him . "
A cat ?
All this was caused by a cat ?
My sister should definitely close her windows . I am going out of this house . I should leave this cat here and let it ruin her things " .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Destination : Disney .
Do you imagine travelling to the United States ?
Have you ever gone to a place designated only for having fun ?
Disney is the dream of a lot of people in the world , many of them have said that it is a magic and awesome experience .
Firstly , Disney is not an ordinary destination like beaches or mountains , it is a place that requires a different means of transport since it is a long way away .
The vacation starts when the plane takes off and nerves and happiness blend , creating an experience you will never forget .
When the plane arrives at the airport in Miami , you can appreciate the beautiful view that this place offers .
Secondly , the entrance to Disney is incredible and colorful . It also has the main characters in it .
Disney has such a lot of amusement parks that make this place fantastic .
Each one has a different topic and amazing rides perfect for adolescents .
Although this place offers a very good service for eating , you can bring your own food .
To conclude , Disney has so many facilities that it is impossible to get bored , you can relax in your hotel and have an unforgettable time on the roller - coasters .
I do n't agree with the statement .
I think that public transport will be used more in the future .
Indeed , it is true that travelling by car is much more convenient .
But cars need petrol .
Fossil resources are about to run out .
We therefore have to choose other alternatives .
For the sake of that , public transport will be improved , instead of being replaced by cars .
On the other hand , more electric cars are produced every year .
This technology will be improved further in the future .
This fact could keep the share of cars .
For the above reasons , I suspect that the share of public transport wo n't decrease , but will rather increase in the future .
The share of cars could remain because of electric cars .
But the way of using cars could change .
For example , car sharing could increase in the city .
I 'm not addicted to films whatsoever , but I prefer to watch the ones that are said to be good and stand out from the others .
Besides that , if I had to choose a type of film , I would say , comedy and action ones are the most appealing to me , if they have a real dramatic and coherent story instead of a fictitious and meaningless one .
Recently , I saw two pretty good films called " The Wolf of Wall Street " and " Capitan Philips " , films that held my attention from the first minute .
Honestly , they lasted for 3 hours , but the most impressive of all this is that they were able to create a single world between me and the screen for all that time .
They really held my attention , they had all the characteristics that I consider the basic ones in a film , not to mention the astonishing actors that gave an impressive performance .
All I expect in a film is the way they establish connections between the actors and the audience in a way that allows them to play with the characters as if they were puppets and to create a coherent and attractive film .
Dear , Sir / Madam
I am writing this letter regarding the advertisement about the USA SUMMER CAMPS .
I understand that you require people who have good English , are energetic , cheerful and hardworking , who are able to look after children between 8 and 12 , help organise sports and evening activities and work in the kitchen .
I have previous experience working with " ADRENALINE SUMMER CAMPS " coaching children in how to play football for a football championship . Within the summer camps , I also organized other activities such as climbing , running , competitions , expeditions and other movement .
In addition , I helped in the kitchen to prepare fresh food for the children .
During the time I spent coaching , organizing and helping in the kitchen , I learnt that the most important thing is to keep a positive attitude and always motivate them every step of the way .
In this way , the kids are always up for the challenge and do not give up upon meeting their first obstacle .
I truly enjoy working with children to help them learn and improve their already acquired skills , especially in sports .
Hence the reason I am very interested in this opportunity to coach sports for children during this summer .
I look forward to hearing from you soon .
Yours faithfully
Monica
Because of him , I am what I am .
I think everybody knows the importance of having a person who is always there .
A person that takes a fixed place in your life and without that person you ca n't live .
My best friend is called Christoph .
He is 1.80 meters tall and 23 years old .
He is a soldier in the military in Thun , where he works as a teacher .
In the future he wants to be a general .
We met years ago , when we were babies , because our mothers were and are good friends .
He is a very honest person and has short blond hair and brown eyes .
During the holidays and at the weekends , he wears summer clothes .
As you might think , he is a very straight person who knows what he wants .
But he also can be harmfully and sensitive .
For me , a good person to speak with about everything , especially about my problems .
Although we have many different views on life , we understand each other and are best friends .
Many people around the world follow international sports events passionately .
That could be a great way to stop international tensions , although crises and wars still exist .
The most important events take place in some different country every four years .
Of course , during these events all the world watches them .
Sports in general are followed by a huge percentage of the population .
I do n't usually watch sports competitions . I used to do that sometimes , but nowadays I 've been thinking that it 's just a waste of money and time .
That is probably because I do n't like team sports .
I 'm keen on individual disciplines .
I do n't want to appear too rigid , but I 've seen too many times how people forget the real problems and think only about this thing .
People seem to be distracted from their real life .
The point is that we have to make the world better , not just sometimes , but forever .
During these events , people seem to fall into a peaceful dream where all the countries love each other without showing racist feelings .
Whereas , often , we see bad behavior .
I 'm happy about that , but I still think that it 's not the truth .
Probably we , as the human race , need this kind of thing .
I 'd prefer that people demonstrate good behavior independently of international sports events .
On the other hand , sometimes I feel happy during these events because people seems to be so excited .
In my opinion , we have to deal with a lot of other important points related to our culture .
I 've been interested in playing an instrument since I was a child .
When I was young , we used to have a piano in our dining room because my mother used to play it .
Latent fingerprints are commonly found at the scene of a crime .
They are key clues in forensic investigation .
Persistence and uniqueness are the characteristics of the fingerprint .
The latent form of fingerprint is invisible to the human eye , hence the need for some methods for visualization and development of latent fingerprints .
Divergent approaches are used on a routine basis for the development of latent fingerprints .
Powders , by adhering physically to the fingerprint residue develop the latent fingerprint . Chemical reagents undergo reactions with the organic and inorganic parts of the fingerprints . Developing the latent , small particle reagent developed latent fingerprints by adhesion to sebaceous content of the fingerprints , ninhydrin reacting with amino acid of the fingerprint and developing the latent marks . Single and multi - metal deposition methods work on the principle of deposition and result in the negative development of latent marks .
So , from powders to chemicals , all are in the public eye .
New methods are continually added in the literature and show the importance of fingerprints in the criminal investigation system .
One can easily deduce information about culprits from the partial form of a latent fingerprint .
Have you ever wondered why we need sports ?
As we all know , they are an essential part of our life .
I believe that nobody can do without them .
Firstly , sport is the best way to improve your immune system .
For example , playing sport at least twice a week prevents diseases and obesity .
What is more , if you want to get rid of depression or stress , go to the gym .
According to scientific research , mental health is closely connected to physical health .
As for me , I am keen on basketball as it is my personal way to unwind and work out .
I am into it because it is quite addictive and spectaculous .
Moreover , it is considered to be one of the most active and popular kinds of sport all around the world .
To sum up , I believe that if you want to be mentally and physically fit , you should try to do some sport and exercise . Also , do not worry if you are not so good at it , just keep doing it and enjoy yourself .
Plants have been widely used by almost all cultures in previous centuries for medicinal purposes and are commonly known as herbal medicines ( Izzo and Ernst , 2009 ) .
These are defined as plant - derived substances that occur naturally with no or minimal manufacturing processes and which manage and cure various health conditions effectively ( Bent , 2008 ; Tachjian ; Maria and Jahangir , 2010 ) .
Although herbal medicines have significantly performed well in the treatment and management of illness , people have increasingly consumed these products via self - directed therapy .
This essay will demonstrate that there is considerable evidence for a possible detrimental affect on public health due to the increasing use of self - prescribed herbal medicines and that a health crisis is likely if no action is taken by health organisations .
The most recent thriller I 've seen is " The Miserables " .
However , I 'm not referring to the musical , nor the intermediate version ; the oldest version is the relevant one .
It is a movie that presents a lot of richness in characters and historical facts .
You are able to analyse human emotions and rationalise moral situations , so it is a movie that provides a lot of factors .
I found it very exciting because it shows a pre - revolutionary era when Jean Valjean is sent to work as a slave for stealing a small piece of bread .
After he ends his sentence , he has to solve many moral situations that prove who he really is .
It is very profound too , because it shows you problems that could happen , but on a minor scale .
What really makes the difference is if you choose to help others or not .
I think people who read the book ( written by Victor Hugo ) who are interested in this historical incident , or who merely want to analyse human relationships must see the movie .
This is due to the fact that it will teach a lot about French daily life and about what inspires people to improve and do good .
As the man left the café , Maria saw that his phone was still on the table .
Then she took the phone and ran out the café .
The man was so far from her that she had to run very fast towards him .
Suddenly , the man turned back and looked at her .
She noticed he was Robert , her first boyfriend , but he looked like an angel .
In fact , he was wearing a black suit and a lovely linen tie .
Maria could hardly say anything , she was shocked by Robert .
Then Robert smiled and giving his hand towards hers , said : ' I have missed you a lot ' .
In order to build more necessary networks of housing and transport , areas of farmland , forest and wetland have to be destroyed by many countries today .
Such large - scale building projects have created a large amount of problems for both human beings and animals .
People who make their livings by selling the products they obtain from farmland , forests and wetlands will lose their sources of income .
In addition , farmers , huntsmen , fishermen and any other people that are used to living in such areas have to move to cities and try to find new jobs .
They are less likely to find good jobs because most of them are not highly educated .
As a result , they will not make enough money to afford their living in urban areas and will even face problems of poverty .
Meanwhile , wild animals which have forests and wetlands as their habitats will lose their homes and find it difficult to survive in jungles of concrete . Endangered animals will be harder to find after the destruction of their homelands .
Also , there will be no fresh grass and grains for domestic animals , such as cows , lambs , chickens to be fed .
To reduce the above problems , it is necessary for governments to plan carefully before the construction of buildings and transport and try their best to decrease the side effects .
They should provide financial support to those who once lived in such destroyed areas and help them develop professional skills to look for good jobs .
Meanwhile , they need to build nature reserves for wild animals which can not easily find other habitats to live in .
Although there will be many bad influences of large - scale building on people and animals , countries would develop better if governments could make efforts to solve the above problems .
I agree with the statement that shopping is not always enjoyable .
Personally , for me , shopping is very pleasant , but sometimes it can be a little tiring .
In my opinion , there are a few advantages of shopping .
First of all , if we are in shops , we can buy everything we want .
Another good point of shopping is the fact that it could be relaxing for some people .
I like buying some clothes or cosmetics .
It gives me pleasure and is fun .
Anyway , there are also some disadvantages of shopping .
Michael was a 23-year - old boy who wanted to be a famous artist .
He had great talent , but no one understood his creative mind .
Everyone considered him a crazy and boring guy obsessed by his passion , except Kate , his only best friend , who encouraged him every time he wanted to give up his dream .
At that time , Kate was working in an international advertising agency .
It was a really busy and difficult period for her because her customers in every corner of the Earth wanted something new in the field of art .
They wanted something that could be traditional and revolutionary at the same time , something that could give a new vision of reality , and Kate started to offer some information about many artists .
One night she was working at home . She was in difficulty because no one satisfied her clients .
She started to be a little bit nervous , she was n't able to find any solution when , suddenly , she remembered that Michael 's art had the features requested by her clients .
She immediately picked up the phone and called Michael and she started to explain her project .
Michael was very excited because he finally had the opportunity to introduce his view of art through his pictures .
After lots of meetings and conferences with the representation of China , Japan , the USA and Oceania , Michael began to be the man who he had dreamed of being since he was a child .
Now he was famous and everyone respected him .
Everything was going well except his behaviour towards his friend Kate .
He started to be very rude and sometimes he treated Kate like an inferior girl .
One day , the two friends had a terrible argument .
Kate told Michael that the fame had made him blind and Michael did n't want to listen to her .
Kate was really angry and she ordered him to leave her room immediately .
Kate was crying a lot but Michael ran away .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Enjoying the outdoors in my area
Introduction
The purpose of this report is to propose the best places for visiting and to show the wide range of existing facilities which can be used by young people who are going to make a trip to my area .
What places you can visit
There are many parks and green areas close to this city where young people can spend their time outdoors and have fun all day before going out , such a park is called San francisco , which has a big lake and local young people usually have barbecues there after they have done some water sport or rented a boat .
In addition , there is a lot of public transport which can drop you off in front of the park .
Where you can have an amazing night
We have an active nightlife in this city . Live gigs are performed from Wednesday to Sunday in several pubs with free access and our cinemas have always had good movie listings .
Whenever I hear about famous actors or singers complaining about photographers following them , I ca n't get a smile off my face .
What 's the description of a famous person ?
Most of the people know a lot about them .
So do n't tell me that famous people do n't enjoy being on the front page of the newspaper or any other magazine .
In my opinion , fame is a need for actors and musicians in popular culture .
Despite the fact I said that famous people need to be well known , I think that ca n't be applied to politicians .
The personal space in their life should be larger than in a movie star 's , but they should make their decisions transparent for most of the population though .
It is their job to make decisions that ensure the benefit of the people in their country , but we do n't need to know anything else about them , after they come home to spend some time with their families .
Computers and Information Faculty
---------------------------------------------------------------------
Letter of Recommendation
To Whom It May Concern ,
It is my pleasure to write a recommendation letter for Mr
Kadeer Abdul - hamied .
I have known Kadeer since 2012 , when he joined the faculty of Computers and Information , Fayoum University , as an undergraduate student .
He attended my labs on the " structured programming " course during the first year .
While attending my labs , he showed himself to be an active and hard - working student .
We frequently discussed various difficult problems in the scope of the course , and I was impressed by his analytical abilities .
He also attended my lectures and labs on the " Java SE " summer training course .
He showed a distinct intellectual level compared to other students .
Also during this course , he had to work in a team and deliver a project as a requirement for the course .
He contributed excellent and innovative ideas during this project and he showed that he is an excellent team player .
Indeed , I consider Mr
Kadeer as one of the most excellent and outstanding personalities among his colleagues .
I believe that Mr Kadeer will perform very well and I strongly recommend him for the " Google Student Ambassador MENA Program " .
Sincerely ,
Eng .
Mahbub Ezzeldeen Ganim
Assistance Lecturer at CS Dep . ,
Computers and Information Faculty ,
Fayoum University , Fayoum , Egypt .
Phone Number : + 200123456789
Email : Yj5kk@fayoum.edu.eg
Once upon a time , there lived a boy named Micheal .
He lived in a village near a railway station .
He was very naughty and was not very interested in his studies .
He was a very big menace and the villagers hated him because of his mischievous behavior .
One day while he was all alone at home , he thought of calling the fire brigade and lied and pretended his house was on fire .
People gathered around his house hearing him screaming out loud and within no time the fire brigade also arrived at the destination .
At the same time , his parents reached the place and seeing the big crowd and the fire brigade they were horrified .
They ran towards their house , worried about their child .
Every Everyone was shocked and no one knew what was happening .
Later , his parents became very angry and even beat him for his mischief .
His parents scolded him and made him make a promise to them that he would n't lie ever in his life again .
He was even made to apologize to all the neighboring villagers .
He went to his room and felt very bad for what he did .
Micheal closed the door and knew at that moment , he had made a mistake .
Last month I watched Fast and Furious 7 , a film starring Vin Diesel and my favorite actor , Dwayne ' The Rock ' Johnson .
This film was about how a previous robbery which had been committed by Vin 's gang leads to the hatred of a criminal played by Jason Statham .
Jason Statham was so strong and made all the gang feel terrible fear as Dwayne Johnson was inroaded and heavily wounded .
The chasing of Jason vs. Vin was so exciting . Furthermore , a walkthrough is designed where Vin vs Jason is interrupted by another party .
However , both of them did not unite to face the intruder and continued to assault one another .
The end of the story comes when Diesel gets cornered by Jason , suddenly Dwayne came and shot Jason with a machine gun .
The next scene was the demolishing of the whole building as well as the blowing up of Jason 's helicopter .
Finally , Diesel was found alive and was evacuated to the medical center , while Jason was taken to the jail .
Vin 's family lived happily ever after because the enemy was eradicated and the rest got jailed .
The film was the last movie starring Paul Walker as , during the film production process , he passed away due to a car accident .
This film 's Soundtrack , ' See You Again ' , was composed by Wiz Khalifa and dedicated to Paul .
This film will keep everyone 's attention because the scenarios , the action scenes , and drama beyond Paul 's death are harmonized rigorously .
Moreover , the special effects which are used are so immense and cause us to feel the emotions of the actors .
Dear Marco ,
I am sorry to hear that you 've got to give up either sport or music .
I know how much you like both activities so I suppose you are having a hard time .
Soccer has always been part of your life and memories of you as a kid kicking a ball bigger than you are still vivid in my mind .
I still remember the first day we went to attend a soccer lesson . You promised me you would never give up ! You dreamt of becoming a professional player and decided what your life would be like once you achieved it .
You 've kept working on it for almost your entire life now and , although you have not become a professional one , you have never given up .
However , piano is also part of your life .
When I first introduced you to it , you were quite sceptical of your possible achievements .
But again , you never gave up and now you play in the 3rd Orchestra in Town , which shows how big you are .
Proof not only that you are very determined , but that piano playing was meant to be .
We have enjoyed music together for nearly 20 years and most of our good times are related to that .
As you asked for my take , what I tried to do was nothing but think of you as if you were my son .
I imagined the scenario with Mathew coming up to me and looking for some advice .
First off , I would take him on a long journey by car .
I 'd suggest we take some days off together and head for any particular place he would like to go to .
Then , once we got on the car , I 'd let the music we had planned before as the ideal background absorb us before uttering any words .
Only after driving for a while would I ask him to tell me what he 's been up to lately and if there 's anything he hasn't told me about but is keen to mention now .
At that point , I would let his talking go on without stopping him through interruption .
I 'm convinced he 'd speak his thoughts at once without beating around the bush and all his fear and doubt would slip out .
By now , he will be able to answer for himself many questions he 's been troubled by .
All I 'd have to do is just point out what the main points are that he is too dull to see .
Because that 's what an outside criterion is needed for .
Someone else can just help you think out and be nothing but supportive .
Then he 'll be lost for words as much as he spoke and he will be willing to put the whole thing aside and just lose himself in some drinks , although he hasn't come of age yet for that .
Perhaps the next day , he wo n't even be able to recall what the talk was about , but I 'm pretty sure that after all this , deep down in himself he will know what the best move to make is ! !
Let 's talk about sports
Do you have a favourite sport ? I have !
I really enjoy volleyball and horse riding , although my favourite sport is swimming .
Have you ever tried it ?
You should .
It is a hard sport , but when you are doing it , you forget all your problems .
Swimming is a fantastic sport , especially in the summer , because in the water you can cool down .
If you are starting this sport , you should n't be afraid of the water .
Do what you can do , and when you think that you ca n't do it , try your best .
You just need to practise .
Everyone should do a sport . When you are doing it , you do n't think about anything else .
You just try to do your best .
Driving my own car seems really convenient for travelling , but public transportation is the most effective way to take people from one place to another .
Try to imagine if everyone in the city had his or her own vehicle . We would always be late due to the terrible traffic jams .
In fact , travelling by car is not convenient when people have their own cars for their family or themselves .
The reason is that we have to wake up in the very early morning to avoid the traffic jams to attend school , work , etc .
The main advantage of public transportation is that it can transport a large number of passengers at a relatively low cost .
For example , a bus can take more than 40 passengers at one time at a low cost .
For another , the subway is able to transport a number of people around the city .
The second benefit of public transportation is that it can reduce the air pollution in a city .
Too many vehicles in a crowded city will increase the carbon dioxide emissions .
In conclusion , public transportation will still play an important role in transportation in a city , unless environmentally - friendly vehicles are promoted by the government and the roads and highways in a city are managed well to accommodate a huge number of cars .
It 's really important that we do things we should do .
So , we can obtain certain benefits and more doors can be opened easily .
There are some people that spend too much of their time doing nothing useful , although others may say that it helps to be more relaxed in their lives .
Personally , people must dedicate most of their time to things they should do for two important reasons .
First , you gain time doing essential things .
By doing so , you immediately take advantage of the time in your life doing something essential .
For example , when I was 17 , I was starting my first day of class at the university .
I started to feel bored with the complementary courses on my curriculum because they were the kind of courses that did n't have any relevance to my university course , which is mainly about System Engineering , and I was required to take complementary courses such as Ecology , Law , and so on .
But later , when I graduated , I realized how important those subjects were .
I was able to explain something basic about Ecology that my grandfather had trouble with when I went for a vacation in the countryside .
That experience taught me how important it is to do whatever you are required to do - such as taking complementary courses - without rejecting it , because somehow it 'll be helpful later in life .
Second , if you avoid doing things just because you do n't like them , you 'll miss opportunities .
You 'll dedicate your time only to things for personal enjoyment and it will really hurt you .
For instance , a friend of mine called Freddy was in a social club in the city . He was required to run around the pool for 30 minutes .
He refused to do that .
In the end , one guy decided to do the challenge .
He ran for 30 minutes around the pool and when he finished , my friend started laughing at him .
Nobody had noticed that the president of the social club had an award for the runner , and he received an amount of 30,000 dollars for his effort .
As you can see , my friend missed the opportunity because he did n't like what he was asked to do .
To sum up , it is a good decision if you do things that are necessary or needed at the moment , even though you do n't like them .
If you do essential things , you gain time in your life at the same time .
If you would rather avoid essential or required things , you 'll miss many chances to succeed .
So , we should focus our minds on making the right decision and spend our time wisely doing what is most important .
Some people think that computers are the most important invention of the last century , while others think that there are a lot of inventions throughout history that are more important than the computer .
Personally , I think the computer brings many changes in the world , and it is for that that I think it is the most important invention .
Some people say that the computer changes the way people see the world , and this changes the way in which humans perceive everything that happens around the world or only in their social life .
For example , one person can be informed about what is happening on the other side of the world with just a click .
On the other hand , other people only use the computer to have communication with someone , have entertainment with some movies , which can be from anywhere , or simply have some fun online with their friends that live abroad or are busy all the time .
In contrast , some people think that the computer is just one more invention in the history of humanity , and although they accept that it is an important invention and changes the world , they prefer to say that there exist inventions more important than the computer that we still use nowadays .
For example , paper or the wheel .
Overall , people are divided as to what they think about the most important invention in the world and what changes these objects make to the world and humanity . I still think that the computer is the most important invention because it not only changes one part of history like paper or the wheel did , it changes every aspect of a human 's life .
Personally , I prefer different movies .
The choice always depends on my mood .
Most of the time , I like to watch comedies , love stories and adventure movies because these types of films can help me relax after a hard working day .
I do n't like horrors because they always have a bad impact on my mood .
Therefore , I feel more peaceful when I view something funny , adventurous and undemanding .
In my opinion , people watch movies because they want to spend their leisure time .
Movie companies offer all kinds of movies , so everybody can choose something that they like .
I think other media will fulfil these functions as well .
For example , books also help us relax .
Besides , we can learn something knew from books .
Dear Ms Hammond ,
Thank you for your reply , it was so useful , but I still have some questions and I would be really pleased if you could give me this necessary information .
First of all , I want to know what water sports you offer , because our group of students would probably be interested in doing something related to water , for instance , surfing , diving or sailing , due to the fact that they are used to being constantly in contact with the sea ( we live in Barcelona ) and , therefore , they develop a real passion for it .
In addition , I would also like to ask you about the type of equipment you can lend us to do these kinds of activities and sports I have just mentioned .
For example , for doing diving , do you provide all the diving gear ( oxygen bottles , wetsuits , security elements , etc . ) ?
That is something really important for us .
As you said , the safety of the students is our main concern . We must be completely sure that you will take care of them , chiefly because most of the students are still young and we have a strong commitment to their parents .
Yours truly ,
Jennifer Barraza
In my opinion , this statement could be made by a person who lives in a city with little traffic or a person who prefers to travel in a free way instead of being concerned about public transport schedules .
However , I do n't think that this affirmation would be correct for a person who lives in a big city , especially if you take into account the economic aspects .
The most common problem in crowded cities is that usually they have a lot of traffic jams , and this is because there are too many cars .
In my view , using public transport in this case has two important advantages : the first one is you do n't have to worry about parking ; the second one is you can move in a relaxed way , reading a book , listening to music or talking with other passengers .
Nevertheless , having a car in a big city is quite expensive nowadays , not only because the price of petrol is continuously rising , but also because you have to pay high taxes for the car .
In short , although travelling by car is more comfortable and easier than doing it by public transport , it is not probable that it will disappear in the near future .
Is it true that there is no future for public transport ?
As I see it , there are several ways to improve , it because we are trying to invent a lot of things every day .
You may not think , it but when you are just thinking , you may have the chance to invent something new and useful for humanity .
Inventors work years to achieve their goals . They are working on their projects every day , like you .
So we have the chance to improve public transport .
Using new vehicles , travelling can be more comfortable and easier .Everyone in this world would have a better life . I am really happy when I simply see a new bus with air conditioning or anything which can make travelling enjoyable .
Most people are frustrated or agitated because they have to use public transport .
If the bus drivers could follow their timetables there would n't be any argument .
Artificial intelligence is one of the best ways , we can switch drivers to these vehicles .
They would only follow orders and would n't be late and there would not be any arguments .
In conclusion , we have a lot of things to improve .
We can also help by paying for our tickets . Yes , this is simple , but these companies need money to improve their businesses .
Help them and enjoy your journey .
A hectic day .
It was raining cats and dogs when she realized that she had lost one of the most important things in her life .
Can you imagine what it was ?
In fact , probably it was n't a significant thing for most people , but it was for her .
It was a ring which was given to her by her mother .
Probably that day was the worst day in her life , besides her not having got married , her sister had died in a car accident . It had been a terrible accident . Her sister was driving from Ciudadela and she crashed into a tree .
She was outside the church when a friend of hers called to tell her the news about the accident .
If I had known that there would be so many problems , I 'd have gone abroad instead to get married .
Hello I 'm Mathieu Sanabria and I 'm here to deny and explain everything about the case of my sextape . I went to a party with my football team - mates and we were having a whale of time . Then some girls arrived and I started to talk with one of them . I like her and she likes me so , we went to my room to have privacy and I do n't know how , but some guys got into my room and started to record me with the girl and I did n't notice . Then many days later , I received a call from a guy who told me that he had a very explicit video of me doing things with a girl and that if I did n't give him some money he would put that video on the Internet .
I thought that he makes a wild goose chase he had just bitten off more than he could chew because he did n't know me and I was going to make him pay for what he had done .
In other ways I 'll talk about Benzema . He has been my friend for many years , but I 'm not sure if he is with me or with the others guys , so I want to listen to their version of the story so he is here to talk about that .
I 'm Nedar Benzema and I 'm blamed for Mathieu 's sextape .
One of my best friends called me two weeks ago .
He said to me he needed money .
I had n't got enough money so I told him .
I 'm gutted because he was my childhood friend .
He talked about a plan relating to Sanabria .
He set up the plan and he carried it out .
He made a video of his friend and Mathieu .
He asked me how much money he should demand from Mathieu ? Then I asked him how much he needed?He said about one hundred thousand euros and after that I said " you can get it " . With hindsight , I was wrong because it was illegal .
So now I regret that and I apologise for this situation .
The Number of the Beast was the third album Iron Maiden released .
The British band announced that the album was coming with news ; a new singer , Bruce Dickison , joined the group and made the fans completely astonished by his nice - sounding voice .
Most of the songs show demoniac features , causing serious concerns in the media .
The album 's name is from the song by the same name : The Number of the Beast .
In this album , the drummer was really great and fantastic electric guitar solos were performed too .
This oddly - named album became the most well - known in the history of the band .
I 'd say that was their best album and , obviously , they rock .
I live in Chennai , one of the most populated cities in India , perhaps one of the most polluted cities in India too .
The city is dwell with people , cars , bikes and factories , which turns out to be one of the polluted cities in India .
The infrastructure built for controlling and maintaining the environmental ecosystem is bad . In other words , the government and people do not care about the environment , rather they spoil the environment .
The government always say they are doing their best to improve the environment but nothing is done . Perhaps they are mismanaging people 's money in terms of various projects that control the pollution of the city .
The government is not the only one to blame , but also the people who live here , who never care about their environment .
They pollute more than factories do , by using plastic materials , disposing of waste in public places , and some people even tend to split and use public places as their toilet .
Although many factories and people are polluting the environment drastically , some people and organizations are protecting the environment , but most often these people are discriminated against by society .
But they do n't care about this and continue with their work . Often these people tend to demonstrate the effect of the pollution on people and future generations and have made some people change the way they look at the city , but often , most people do n't care about what they try to say and sometimes these people are scolded .
So far , people do n't understand the consequences of pollution , but within a decade they will suffer and understand the consequences of pollution in their life for sure .
Dear Joe
I have seen your advertisement and I would be more than delighted to take part in a summer camp as an assistant .
I am 19 years old and I have 2 younger brothers and a younger sister .
I think I have some experience with young children as I have to take care of my own brothers every day .
In addition to this , I go to the gym three times a fortnight and I have taken swimming lessons for 3 years .
Also , I have taken some self - defense lessons and a climbing course over the Alps .
I think that I deserve to have a job here because , with my swimming and climbing knowledge , I can entertain the children .
And in order to help them defend themselves , I can also teach them some techniques for self - defense .
Anyway , I hope I will get the job , and I am able to attend an interview at half past nine on Saturday .
Yours faithfully
Andrei
Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva , Lula , is a legend .
As the only Brazilian president from an underprivileged background , Lula has made history after running for President four times .
Since he took up office in 2002 , Lula has made major structural changes in Brazil , taking more than forty million Brazilians out of extreme poverty .
During Lula 's era , from 2002 to 2010 , Brazil experienced an economic boom like never before and became a world economic power .
Democracy also had fundamental changes in that period .
To curb corruption , new laws were created , institutions were re - structured and innovative mechanisms were developed to engage and give voice to the civil society .
Minority groups received more attention to protect their rights and investments in education , health and well - being increased .
Curiously , Lula is the only Brazilian president without a university degree .
For the poorest Brazilians , Lula and his history is something to be proud of .
For the Brazilian elite it is unacceptable that Lula , a poor migrant from northern Brazil , overshadowed all the presidents and most politicians of their own , privileged , university - educated and careless about the real Brazilian problems .
Dear Sir ,
I am writing to apply for a job in the USA I saw recently in your advertisement in a local newspaper of my city .
Further to our recent telephone conversation , I have worked as a babysitter with children aged 5 - 10 for five years .
Furthermore , I worked for some major companies when I finished my degree in Journalism five years ago .
By the way , I have experience in the organization of sport and evening activities because , at university , I did a course in Public Relations .
If you want to see my reports , I can send you them whenever you want or , if you prefer to ask my teachers about me , I can send you their phone numbers in case you want references from my job .
My teachers have said to me that , if you want , they can write a letter about my experience .
I think I would be a suitable person for the job because I have a good level of English .
Thank you so much
Yours faithfully ,
Ana Fanucci
Most people like to drive cars instead of using public transportation .
In my country , people go to work in their own cars .
Students go to school or university by car as well .
As a result , horrible traffic jams occurred .
The government had to start major public transportation projects in order to solve the problem .
The underground metro in Riyadh is one of those projects .
Long distances between cities make it difficult to use cars .
Airplanes are the best way to travel over long distances .
It 's fast , easy , comfortable and safe .
Buses are much more convenient for driving kids to schools .
Transporting workers by public transportation or by bus is more convenient for big companies .
Public transport is a must and cars will never replace it .
Public transport or travelling by car ?
I think travelling by car is a very comfortable way to travel .
You do n't have to think about bus timetables and stops .
You only have to go to your car , sit in it and drive away .
All that you need is a driving licence , a car and a little bit of luck that there is no traffic .
If you go by train , you need a ticket that 's not very cheap !
You must know the timetables and from which platform the train will leave .
You have to be fast , if you want a seat to sit in ; sometimes the trains are full of people and you have to stand the whole way !
I think it 's true that travelling by car will be more popular .
You drive the route you want .
You can stop wherever you want and there are a lot of other reasons to travel by car .
I 've just finished reading 50 shades of Grey ....
It is really good . It is better than the previous novel , FSOGrey . I really mean it . It is not porn . BE GROWN UP PLEASE . If you do n't want to read the " sex parts " , just turn over the next page till it ends , that 's all . I did that to finish that novel . This novel is just to tell us the passionate love story between a successful businessman , chairmen man with a very unhappy childhood , and he only refers to his birth mother as " the crack whore " , which is related to his recent behaviour - BDSM . And the girl seemed very bored of her routine life , innocent , did nt know anything about life . Apparently , THEY were so different from each other , but somehow , some magic connected them and made them a very lovely couple .
It would bug me if someone did n't read it , saying that it is a porn novel .
The two maps depict the main changes which took place in Shipsmouth between the years 1995 and 2010 .
Overall , it can be seen that the city has became more modern , with more transport and entertainment facilities .
One striking change is that a new station has been built , to connect the north of the city with the city centre and the road has been pedestrianized .
In 1995 , there were green areas . However , they were cut down and an airport and an apartment block were built in those areas .
Another interesting redevelopment is that the factory was knocked down to make way for a shopping centre , and in the same way , so was the Church , which was pulled down to be replaced by a pub .
The urban areas were demolished , to make way for skyscrapers .
A final notable change is that a football stadium was erected in the south of the city in 2010 .
I like playing tennis .
I enjoy this sport because of its highly aerobic exercises .
A player is required to run all over the field to chase the ball and to return it to the teammates .
To win the game , a good strategy should also be applied .
One must recognize the field and the strengths , as well as the weaknesses , of his opponent to score a goal .
Thus , it is a game with a combination of mental and physical skills .
For people starting to do this sport , one can try to train individually .
A wall of a tennis court can be a good start to learn how to kick a ball .
It would be better , of course , to join a club or to get a trainer to guide you .
Information about the basic theory and technique of tennis can be gathered from the internet / books .
One should make the effort to practise regularly to ensure continual progress .
Learning to do juggling would also be beneficial .
Many coaches advise their pupils to practise it for better coordination of hand and eye .
But most importantly , one should enjoy all of this fun .
I do n't exactly understand why people want to learn about the private lives of politicians and film stars ,
I have to say that everybody has the right to have a private life , even if they are famous .
It means nobody should interfere in famous people 's lives .
Unfortunately , a lot of people are interested in others .
Famous people have also got needs .
Megastars can run into bushy problems .
These happenings are not strange .
Because all people have got predicaments .
But the public wants to see famous politicians and stars in every situation .
For example , they want to see well - known people with their boyfriend / girlfriend or want to see them in causal attire or want to see famous women without make - up .
On the other hand , this opinion should be considered : Some big names are important for someone who seems them like an ideal .
Society thinks that they haven't got weakness and lack of ability .
And the media appear on the scene .
The media make use of this interest and , thanks to this , make a lot of money .
On the scene of TV , media closes their defects or removes .
And follow famous people and their families all the time .
Privacy invasion seems to be an absolute right of the media .
However , being able to protect themselves against an invasion of privacy is a fundamental human right of stars .
The government should give superstars the right to protection of personal relationships and activities .
Ultimately , crowd - pleasing people also have got civic rights just like everyone else .
Nowadays , many people prefer owing a car to using public transport .
It is more convenient as you can travel straight to the place you want to go .
Some may say that we will not need public transport anymore in the future .
However , I think public transport should be kept as it still has its value .
First of all , public transport provides the experience of the journey .
Public transport is not only buses , but also planes and ferries .
They give you the experience of flying in the sky or floating on the sea .
That is an experience you can not get by car .
You can not know it if you only travel by car .
So I think public transport should remain .
Last but not least , public transport can share the cost of travelling .
Public transport is for many people to go to the same place .
More money can be saved as the cost can be shared with the people who are going to the same place .
Third , public transport is good for the environment .
The pollution of many cars is so great .
Air pollution makes the climate change .
To sum up , public transport still has its own value .
The President of the United States of America , Mackinley , says that , regarding Cuba , he will not meddle until December .
The " Times " newspaper publishes an intercepted letter written by the Spanish Ambassador , Dupuy de Lowe , that will make him resign due to what he wrote about the USA .
Next , to the explosion of the North American steamer , Maine , the Spanish commission created to investigate this explosion assures us that it could n't have been done from the outside , but must have been done from the inside .
On the other hand , the USA commission brings their results to Parliament without previously notifying Spain of their results and with the opposite conclusion to that of the Spanish commission .
However , the Spanish government does not agree with the USA 's conclusions and they request North Americans to solve this disagreement with international arbitration .
Later , the USA government affirms they do not want to conquer Cuba , but they demand Spain to sign an armistice with Cubans .
Mackinley asks for the arbitration of Pope León XII in the conflict and Spain asks North Americans to get off of Cuban beaches in order to show their desire to put an end to the conflict .
The Pope requests the Spanish army to cease immediately the hostilities in Cuba .
Later , the United States House of Representatives approves a resolution to militarily intervene in Cuba if necessary .
The Spanish Ministry of State publishes a Memorandum relating all the events and conflicts made by the USA to Cuba until the publishing date .
In this Memorandum , the main events narrated are the filibustery crimes originated in New York and the change of attitude towards Cuba of the USA after the election of president Mackinley .
Also , this Memorandum specifies the origin of the conflict , which resides in the letter written by Lowe and the blowing - up of the steamer Maine , the latter being remarked concerning the USA having rejected the Spanish proposal to carry out the arbitration together .
The 21st of April EEUU denies Spanish sovereignty of Cuba . The 23rd of April , Spain sends the Memorandum to several nations and on the 25th , the USA declares war on Spain .
From that day , diplomatic relations between both nations will be suspended .
Keeping a Promise
Being able to keep a promise is a very important quality in a person .
It 'll show if you can be trusted or not .
So it is not just a fundamental element of being a good person , but also affects your society .
If you can keep promises to your friends , that shows how much you really care about them .
I know how important keeping promises is . I always try to keep them .
But the problem is , I do really care about my friends , so I always say " Yes " to my friends , because I do n't want to disappoint them .
And then I always have a lot of promises to keep , and it also makes me too busy to keep them .
So keeping a promise is good , but the thing is : do n't keep too many promises at the same time ! You should consider if you really can keep them or not .
That way you wo n't have lots of pressure , and you can be an honourable person .
I 'm glad you have graduated from school and that you have plans to go to university .
It 's good for you to take a year 's break before continuing with your studies .
This way , you have the chance to relax and to think about what is best for you in the future .
I 'm also glad that you want to visit my country . You 'll find that it is a very beautiful one .
Before I continue , please remember to write back with the exact date of your arrival so I can arrange some things for your trips .
I 'm going to make you a very nice itinerary and , hopefully , we 'll also find somewhere for you to work .
First , I advise you to come and visit my hometown , because it is a nice one .
We 'll visit the Hall City Tower , the zoo , the citadel , and we also have some beautiful parks with a lot of green grass and old trees .
Then we can go visit the Fortress in Sighisoara , which is the only fortress in Europe to be actually inhabited .
On the next days , we can go and visit a salt mine at Praid and The Bear Lake , which is a salt lake in Sovata .
I also recommend you to visit Brasov and The Black Church , The Peles Castle and , why not , The Black Sea ?
We can go hiking and climbing .
I think you know that I have a friend who is a teacher .
He can come with us on our trip .
Concerning your work plans , I have an uncle who owns a farm , so I think we can arrange for you to work there .
I assure you you 'll have a good time in my country .
I will meet you at the train station .
My Husband ...
My husband is so annoying . Sometimes he keep talking and talking without any goal , he drops his dirty socks and clothes all over the house and always shouting for lunch , he sleeps in the middle of good movies and important subjects and snores while sleeping .. all he wants to do is to eat and sleep .
He says I shop too much , but the fact is , he does n't want to spend money , he has stopped buying me flowers and chocolates and he has stopped being romantic .
On top of all of that , he keeps asking why I have changed with him !
The fact is , he is not the same man I married and that issue upsets me so much .
He keeps saying " I love you " but I do n't feel it any more . I sacrificed my life in my lovely country for him and left my family to be with him , but it seems like it was one huge mistake , as I feel like I am living with a stranger and he is nothing like the man he promised to be .
Anyway , I still love him and still have the hope that this is just a temporary period in our life and he will be back to the man I loved once , especially since we have the most amazing reason to live for ; it 's our beautiful son , our angel and the amazing love of our lives .
There are widely different views on the future of public transport .
Although some people would suggest that such a service has no future because people rely more on the car , as it is convenient , it is my personal belief that public transport should continue and has a future .
Two of the principal reasons for this are as follows .
Firstly , society today is more concerned about being environmentally friendly .
This is a worth seeing be concerned because air pollution has a negative impact on our health and the ecosystem .
The more cars on the road , the more greenhouse gases are produced .
Therefore , public transport plays an important role in mitigating global warming .
For example , if a bus can carry 100 passengers , at least 25 cars can be reduced on the road , solving the problem of traffic jams .
In addition , scientists and engineers are working hard to invent and improve the vehicles , so they become less harmful to the environment .
The second argument is more related to everyone and has great influence .
For those who do not drive , public transport is extremely important .
There are thousands of students who travel on public transport to school everyday because they can not drive and their parents do not have time to drive them .
Moreover , insurance , petrol , and repair fees are very expensive .
Not everyone can afford it .
On the other hand , public transport is good value for money .
In conclusion , I believe that public transport should have a future .
Professionals are continuing to develop a better vehicle to make it eco - friendly , and there are still many people who rely on public transport .
Everyone deserves to have a private life , even celebrities and stars , who are the life and soul of the party during their working hours .
We all need a shelter where we can hide from daily difficulties .
This is the only way to maintain our mental health and not to fall into depression .
We can say for sure that stars and celebrities are also people .
This means that in everyday life they are faced with the same problems as we are .
What is more , celebrities , like ordinary people , need some time to rest and some time to build deep relationships with others .
Like ordinary people , they need someone to take care of them , someone to share their feelings with .
It does not matter what amount of money is in their accounts .
They are not able to buy real relationships such as friendship and love .
They can gain fame and admiration thanks to their skills , but their stage personality is more like a powerful creation .
Sometimes , in everyday life , they are not even interesting in terms of character and appearance .
We all go through hardships and failures .
But this should not reach a level that it lets us fall into mental disorders .
That is why a private life is so important , especially for stars , who are assessed all the time by society .
Hi ,
what 's up ?
I 'd like to tell you about the concert I helped at .
It was fantastic !
I met a few nice people and had a great time with them .
They showed me everything I had to do .
I had to carry some musical instruments and install software .
Then I helped with organization and selling tickets .
I love to help people and the best thing was that I met members of the band and have their autographs !
Love ,
Aga
Learning new languages is becoming a priority for young people , because most of them go to study abroad and work in foreign countries .
I believe that knowing more languages is always better . That way , people have a lot more culture and are more knowledgeable .
Those are the people who know their way around life .
Another great reason for knowing languages is that people will like and respect you .
You will also develop your mind and learn new things .
So knowing a lot of languages could be very useful in life .
On the other hand , learning languages is not always practical .
It takes a lot of time to know any language fluently and it wastes time .
Even if you learn a certain language and you do n't use it often , you will simply forget it .
It turns out that learning a foreign language may be pointless .
In conclusion , learning languages may be very handy , but can also be a time - wasting activity .
So it 's nice to know other languages , but just those you will really need .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
I saw your advertisement looking for a children 's monitor , and I think I could be the best person to fill that position .
I have a degree in English and I would like to learn how Americans speak it in real life .
For that reason , it would be a wonderful chance to learn amongst children and adults in the USA Summer Camps .
I have worked at schools in Spain and I have first - hand knowledge of organising sports and activities .
We could learn new activities from each other .
I am a good cook .
Although I have no qualifications , I love cooking .
For that reason , I think I can help in the kitchen .
I could also share with everyone some Spanish recipes .
Nevertheless , I realize this is not the ideal reference .
See my curriculum vitae , enclosed , for more details .
I would love to answer any question you could ask at this email address , qq@gmail.com , and this mobile phone number , 666666666 . I would be delighted to attend an interview whenever suits you .
I look forward to hearing from you in the near future .
Yours faithfully ,
Indiana Jones
Michael went on a trip to Poland by himself .
On the 5th day of his trip , he hiked up a very high mountain , but weirdly , he never saw any people .
About 1 hour after he started to hike , he saw a big cave and there was a cozy yellow glow inside the cave .
He went in and found an old man standing there .
Next to him were dozens of doors and there were letters written on them .
The man spoke , " Welcome " .
He led him to a room which said ' Happy ' on the door .
When Michael stepped into the room , he felt something very fresh inside him .
It was like breathing in a forest .
He felt happy .
Really Happy .
The old man said , " You feel happy , do n't you ? " Michael nodded .
He went on , " Every room has a feeling written on it .
That feeling tells you what you will feel inside the room " .
Michael went into a couple of rooms until he spotted a room that said ' Anger ' .
He was curious about how he would feel when he went into the room .
He stepped into the room .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
I think that everybody deserves privacy , including famous people .
They can barely breath with all those photographers around them .
I do n't know why people love spying on famous people .
And magazines are full of those things .
Another useless thing is gossip .
Why does it even exist ?
It can really damage someone 's reputation .
I also think that following famous people could sometimes be dangerous .
For example , when a fan follows a cab , she or he could be hurt , because the traffic is really unpredictable , or when there is a huge mass of fans , they could hurt each other .
My opinion is , that famous people deserve a quiet time , when they are with their partners or with family , but also when they are just going to the supermarket or gym .
Yesterday , I saw in a magazine a photo of Sarah Jessica Parker in which she was walking with her dog .
The headline was : LOOK AT SARAH WITHOUT MAKE - UP , SHE LOOKS LIKE A HORSE !
My first thought was : " God , let her live her life !
She is only a human being ! "
Why is it that when men stalk women they forbid them to come closer to her , but when a paparazzo hides in the car of a celebrity , he will get a huge pile of money for the photos ?
I 'm going to talk about social networks .
Years ago , we used to get through to other people by ringing them up or texting messages via our mobile phone and , as time goes by , nowadays we also can communicate via social networks such as Twitter , Facebook , Whatsapp ... First of all , we use them to catch up on news and social issues via Twitter instead of newspapers , for instance . It 's common to see people having breakfast in a cafeteria readings the news on their smartphone , an image so far from years back .
We also can have more knowledge about current issues via Facebook pages , which are not considered appropriate by some TV programmes , such as political discussions , strikes , the economy ... As far I am concerned , the present - day population knows more about what 's going on in the world than in previous years .
One example of this could be North Korea or some Arab countries , where their governments ban internet access for citizens . In other words , they want to mislead the people about reality to avoid the population claiming via these networks or being up in arms against their system .
On the other hand , we can get more information about our known and unknown people who are our friends via Facebook , uploading photos at any time , having a coffee , watching a football match or spending summertime somewhere .
So , this means we are getting less intimate and becoming more gossipy at the same time , as a consequence of sharing our lives on public sites .
You can follow your favourite celebrities and have direct interaction , but this also has negative consequences such as some followers criticise them .
Michael Xander is the famous team captain of Onix University , one of the most prestigious schools in the Philippines .
He was born with a silver spoon in his mouth .
He has everything : the looks , the brains and the charm , but he has never felt contented .
He has never been serious in the entire 17 years of his life .
Everything has been easy for him , he is used to getting what he wants .
He thinks that life 's a game and he should surely win , whatever it takes .
One of his favourite games was to conquer every girl he liked and break their heart .
But that was until he met Celine .
She was described as the plain Jane of the campus .
The never - been - noticed girl , Celine .
One day , in the silence of nowhere , while Celine was reading a book , she felt someone beside her .
It was a new thing for her to know that someone had the guts to sit next to her because almost all the people in that school defined her as a weirdo .
' Excuse me ? '
She looked up and she was surprised to see the stranger beside her was the famous Michael .
Curiosity was written all over her face . '
Yes ? '
she responded . '
I 'm Michael , nice to meet you ' he said ..
She was starstruck .
She knows him .
Everyone in that school knows him and how flirtatious he is . '
Uh yeah . I know you ' she said .
Michael thought it would just be easy talking to this girl .
Seeing her that close makes him realise that she 's not ugly .
The word beautiful is not enough to describe her .
She 's gorgeous . If she would only take off her glasses maybe other people would notice it too . '
Nice then , would you mind going out with me on a date ? '
he blurted out . '
No ' she replied .
This guy actually asked her out and she 's not that stupid not to know his intentions .
She stood up , packed her things and went out of the library .
Michael was surprised .
He had never expected that he would receive a no from this kind of girl who is even far from his type .
She had just challenged him .
The next two weeks of Celine 's life changed in just the blink of an eye .
Michael did n't give up on asking her out .
Rumors spread that easily .
She knew herself that Michael was just playing with her and she said to herself that she would never fall into his trap .
If he wants to play , then she will give him the best game he could and would ever have .
She 'd go out with him .
Two months had passed since the day they dated .
Since then , everything had gone so perfectly between the two of them .
Celine realised that Michael was not that bad and maybe those rumors she heard before were only rumors and they only wanted to destroy Michael 's reputation .
She baked a cake for him because she wanted to thank him for the flowers she received yesterday .
One of the things she knew about him was that Michael loves to surprise people . That 's why she wanted to surprise him too .
She was on her way to the court where Michael was practising when she heard guys talking .
' Do you still plan on finishing our bet or is the rumor true Michael ? Have you fallen for Miss Jane ? ' It was Nicolaih Heindric 's voice . '
I 'll do it .
Just be patient .
I ca n't wait to have that car of yours ' , Michael said .
Celine knew at that moment that her world had fallen apart .
Tears automatically fell down her face .
Everything Michael had done for her was just for a bet .
The next day , when Michael was in his pad watching TV , he heard his door bell ring . He was surprised to receive a visitor now .
The last time he remembered he had never invited anyone .
He would like to invite Celine , but he knew she would refuse him again and he was not ready to be alone with her .
Maybe he 's too cowardly to admit it , but yes , he 's in love with Celine .
He tried to deny it to his friends because he knew the moment he told them the truth Celine 's life would change .
He knew how Celine loved having her privacy . He knew the moment he admitted to everyone that he loved her , she would never have her normal life anymore .
He just loved that girl so much that he wanted to protect her from everything .
Even if it cost him hiding how much he loved her .
When he opened the door , he was more surprised to see who was at the door .
His eyes looked automatically at how Celine looked today .
Was it just him or was she wearing a sexy dress ?
He opened the door wider and let her in with a big smile on his face .
Celine came in and kissed him aggressively .
The next thing Michael knew was that he was making love with this girl .
Everything felt amazing and beautiful .
All they could hear was them kissing . '
I love you so much ' Michael blurted out after what they did , then hugged her .
He felt a liquid falling on his shoulders . "
Is it raining ? , "
he asked himself .
He realised that it was n't raining .
Those were Celine 's tears . '
I know everything .
Everything was just a bet , right ? ' Celine said .
Michael froze . '
Everything that happened between us was too good to be true .
I should n't have believed you .
I should n't have believed that you would change just for me .
I 'm just so stupid to believe guys like you .
Now you have what you wanted . '
Celine said with a broken voice and a broken heart . '
Look away .
I 'm going to dress now ' , Celine added .
Michael could n't believe what he had just heard .
The next thing he knew was that she was gone , not only from his pad , but also from his life .
He had just lost the girl he loved for the first time .
Micheal decided to get dressed . He was on his way to the door when he saw a box of things he had given to Celine .
Tears started to fall from his eyes .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
These days , shopping is one of the most important parts of life .
For some of us trade is a thing you do for a living , but other people treat shopping like a good thing to spend time doing and they enjoy it very much .
For me , shopping is not enjoyable and I try to avoid big shopping centres .
The very first reason for my disagreement is that I do not have enough money to purchase everything that I would like to buy .
Things are getting more and more expensive and I am really disappointed when I must go out of the shop with nothing and , furthermore , it gives me a great amount of sadness .
The next thing about unpleasant shopping is enormous lines .
Going for a few groceries always end with an hour in a line .
No matter at what time you go to shop , you will wait .
The last , but not least , reason against enjoyable shopping is that I have to travel a long way to a store in which I can buy everything I want .
Of course , I could go to a few different shops , but without a driving license , travelling is a tough task .
Carrying many heavy bags is not my favourite way of spending my spare - time .
There are lots of good places to visit in Brazil .
Beautiful and important places for the history of this amazing tropical country .
Of all of them , one of the places you must visit in Brazil is the Amazon Theater , located in Manaus , the capital of Amazon State , in the north of the country .
The building is important because it was built in the last century during the rubber age , when the city was one of the richest cities in the world .
Architects , builders , painters and sculptors were brought from Europe by ship as well as all the construction materials that were necessary for its building .
It is a sophisticated building , full of details everywhere around the theater , from the floor to the ceiling , everything carefully designed according to that period .
Even though it is more then 100 years since it was built , all the original features are still there , intact , with all the luxury ready for everyone 's visit .
The place set out important concerts , presentations and international festivals still nowadays .
The theater is famous not just because of its age , but also because it was built in the middle of the jungle .
During the rubber age , there was no urban life around the building , which is completely different from today , of course , since there is a restored square and a church in front of the theater , that are the same age as the theater and it is surrounded by art galleries , pubs , offices , houses , restaurants , where groups of friends , tourists and families usually go to appreciate the breeze at the end of a warm day and during the night .
It is really worth visiting the Amazon Theater in Manaus , taking pictures and having good stories to tell .
Have you ever heard of it ?
If you live in a small village , you may know the sport I do .
Most girls play it in my village .
In big cities , there 's a similar sport called basketball and this one is more for boys .
Every Monday we meet in the sports hall in Mandach .
Before the lessons begin , we talk about the news in the village and do some exercise to warm up .
Then our trainer , Nico , shows us a lot of tips and tricks .
The reason I like this sport is pretty simple .
I can play it with good friends , it 's a fun sport , but it 's also hard and you can get to your limit .
In winter , we have some games every two weeks , where our friends are visitors .
In the last season , we reached second place .
If you want to know more about this sport , do n't hesitate to watch a game of ours .
You can find more information also on the Internet .
To sum up , I hope to see you soon at a game .
In the reading passage , the writer provides several theories about the purpose of the carved stone balls .
However , the lecturer points out the problems in all his assertions .
Firstly , the author holds that the stone balls were possibly used in hunting or fighting .
In contrast , the professor argues that it was impossible that they were weapons because they show no damage .
If they were used as weapons , they should be broken up or divided into pieces .
Secondly , the writer claims that the stone balls might have been used as standard weights to measure things .
Nevertheless , the lecturer contends that the theory is indefensible .
The main reason is that the carved stone balls are different types of stones .
It is because different stones have different densities that their weights are different , though they are uniformly the same size .
Last but not least , the author asserts that the stone balls might serve a social purpose .
The professor , however , does n't think so because the designs of the stone balls are too simple to show an important social status .
Moreover , in general , an artifact or social symbol was buried with its owner after he or she died .
However , the carved stone balls were not found near any graves .
To sum up , the professor totally disagrees with the statement in the reading passage .
Life is changing every day and in the next fifty years a lot of things will happen .
Science is developing very quickly and nowadays scientists are discovering new things .
In the future , some dangerous diseases such as cancer or aids will be cured , and there will be no worries about them .
I think people will not go out of their homes to buy goods and food or clothes , because professional robots will be invented and they will do anything that you want , and they will obey your orders .
However , this could cause a problem for humans and some people will face the threat of compulsory redundancies .
I would say that some problems will arise and people will lose their jobs .
I assume that another problem will be robots , because little by little they will capture the world and they will become human 's enemy , and that would be one of the possibilities in the future .
In conclusion , I would say that developing is not very good for humankind , and little by little the world will be demolished by human errors .
I hope the world will not be destroyed by humans , but in the end everyone knows that the entire world will be ruined and nobody will be alive .
' The Go - between ' by L.P.Hartley
This is an original and moving love story that has people who are against the relationship between the main characters .
And this story is told from the point of view of Leo Colston , the main character .
Moreover , the whole story happens in the 20th century during a trip that Leo goes on and he calls it the best century of his life .
Leo is a kind of popular boy at school as he invents special spells and shows them to his schoolmates , but everything he knows changes when he 's invited to the house of Marcus , who is his classmate at school .
So , there he meets the gorgeous eldest sister of Marcus and he immediately falls in love and from then the go - between appears in the story .
I think everyone will enjoy this book because it shows a typical way of behaving in the 20th century ; their daily - routines and the things they do to have fun .
Besides this , it tries to give us a real idea of what an innocent child might do to help people without being told the real truth .
This paper is a review of scientific research , including magazines , newspapers , websites and others , with the purpose of exploring ecotourism , presenting the tourist attractions and beaches to people , in order to call it to their attention in relation to commercial promotion and local development , where a lot of people do not know the natural beauties of our city .
Warning the responsible departments how much they can do for the city in relation to employment opportunities , tourist attractions , environmental education , ecological preservation and make it the best tourist city in Litoral Paulista .
Through marketing and advertising , we want to encourage young people who enjoy surfing the dissemination of the best beaches of this city to practise it with others that may have .
Preserving , exploring the trails and beaches , encouraging extreme sports are what we believe are attractive to tourists of this wonderful coastal city .
Key words : ecotourism , marketing , track , the Guarujá beaches , tourism .
In today 's world people use public transport for every kind of travel .
Nevertheless , travelling by car could pose a real threat to public transport because it is much more comfortable .
Firstly , having a car makes travelling much easier .
People can go wherever they want and whenever they want without thinking about buying a ticket or getting to a station on time to catch a bus or a train .
A car offers comfort because you can personalise your space and your ride .
All the same , a car is also a necessity today , because very often it is the only means to get to where you need to go .
However , public transport is not threatened by the car .
First of all , too many cars make towns crowded and create traffic jams , which is counterproductive .
Secondly , one car makes as much pollution as one bus which transports many more people .
In my opinion , public transport is secured for the future .
It will even get more popular because it will be faster , more modern , and cheaper than travelling by car .
It was the worst night we had ever had .
We had never been to Michael 's house before .
We were thinking that by meeting there we would have a fun night among friends , but we were very wrong .
When we arrived , we saw the old house where Michael lived .
He was waiting for us outside .
At first , we did n't think that something bad was going to happen .
When we got inside his house , we saw a lot of old portraits on his wall . It was like a horror movie !
Michael looked very nervous too .
After a while , when we were playing one of his computer games , we heard a scream coming from his garden .
There were two bodies in that place .
They were Michael 's parents . His father was dead , but his mum was n't .
Then , Michael tried to hide their bodies in a room , without knowing that his mum was alive .
When we saw that , we escaped as fast as we could , and we saw his mum walking to find Michael , like a zombie .
In the end , we heard Michael 's scream .
We never saw him again . I think that when Michael closed the door , he knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
The best thriller I have ever read
It was long time ago that I read this book , but it was so good and exciting that it 's still in my mind .
It 's a novel written by Sidney Sheldon called ' ' If tomorrow comes '' .
There is also a film based on the book .
It is about an ordinary young woman who has everything she needs in life .
After she finds out that her mother has committed suicide because of some kind of fraud , she decides to avenge her but she end up in prison .
After she comes out , she decides to take another revenge for the same reason .
This book is very exciting because there are a lot of things that are happening and it 's not monotonous at all .
It has a lot of intrigues and a lot of to think about what 's going to happen next .
I would recommend this book to people of all ages , because it has something for everyone .
It is serious enough for the older ones and it has a romantic side for the younger ones .
It is a really good book that should n't be missed .
Dear Sir ,
I hope this letter finds you in good health .
Recently , I saw an advertisement for a job .
I think I would be the right person for such a job .
The following thing are worth noting about me .
I have taken courses in the last 2 months with an organization that organizes activities for children aged between one and 15 .
This organization taught us how to deal with children , and how to make their lives happier and more joyful .
Their main aim is to make the children happy .
In addition , we were also taught how to organize sports and activities for them in a way they will enjoy .
Also , I have taken courses in cooking .
I believe that I am suitable for this job as I have broad experience in what is required . I would be on top of the world if you allowed me to be part of the team .
Believe me , you will never regret choosing me .
Yours faithfully ,
Razan Salib
Everything happened that summer I spent in Egypt .
My mother had found a new job in some ancient ruins , right in the middle of the desert . I should mention that she was an important archaeologist , known all over the world , and she had to travel to every corner on Earth .
I used to spend my whole holidays at my grandparents ' country house , surrounded by green fields , forest and rivers , but when I turned eighteen my mother thought I was old enough to take a plane on my own and stay with her for a month .
I did n't expect to find anything else but sand , heat and tourists on my way across the desert , even though I was leading myself to a patch of water in leagues of wasteland ; the oasis of Faiyum .
Finally , my plane landed in Cairo almost five hours after I had left England and I had to remember that the time there was two hours ahead .
When I managed to reach the outside , I had a taxi waiting for me , probably sent by my mother , so at least I did n't have to look for another one in the stifling heat of the city .
On the other hand , the taxi did n't even have air conditioning , so I spent the two hours of the journey trying to fan myself with a magazine I borrowed from the driver .
I reached the hotel well in the afternoon . Nevertheless , the air was still oppressive and hot like at midday .
Even though I had to bear the climate , I was happy with being able to see my mother more often than I used to in past summers .
I had n't met her since the beginning of the previous February , and that was five months before then .
Introduction
The aim of this report is to give some tips for tourist who come to the city . I will provide you with some pieces of advice about shopping for clothes in the city , as well as some recommendations .
Fashion and luxury
In the city there are many fashion shops where you can get the most trendy clothes . You must be aware that maybe you will spend more money than expected , but if you are a shopaholic , it will be worth it .
NANY 'S has party dresses and wonderful shoes that you can wear on special occasions .
You will fall in love with them as they are pastel coloured .
In addition , they often have discounts and offers , so you can get some bargains if you look into the wardrobes .
Linda is a modern shop where you can find the latest fashion in Milano and luxury accessories from the most well - known companies .
Clothes at lower prices
Every Monday there is a street market in the central square .
Although they are not new clothes , they are usually trendy and of high quality .
If the idea of a street market does not seduce you , I recommend you visit a little shop in Saint Peter street , The Old Bag , where you can buy bags and other accessories , such as umbrellas , gloves and scarfs .
In addition , the shop is very cheap and you can have a cup of coffee inside while you are shopping .
Recommendations
If you are a fashion lover you should visit Linda and Nany 's .
I recommend having a look inside , just in case .
By contrast , if you are more keen to save money , the best option is the street market .
I suggest a quick visit to every shop and making comparisons of price and quality .
A group of young people from abroad will be visiting my home town for three months .
This is a short report which will include my recommendation of the most interesting places in my town for them to enjoy .
I have chosen the two most popular places to have a good time in my town .
The first place is the " Culture Centre " and the second one is the " Sports Centre " .
In the " Culture Centre " , your young visitors will be able to attend daily cultural activities , such as theater , cinema and drawing classes , whereas in the " Sports Centre " , they will have an opportunity to take part in many sports activities , such as bowling , swimming , athletics and karate classes .
Additionally , since the young people are going to stay in my town for a few months , I suggest that they should enrol in a Polish language course .
It is very helpful to be communicative in Polish at least at a basic level .
The course would be three times a week only , and fully paid by the Polish government .
The course will give your young visitors not only a lot of fun but also a general knowledge of Polish culture and eating habits as well .
In short , a trip to Poland will be an unforgettable experience for your students .
However , they should be aware of the high cost of living in my town .
When I think about food , the first thought that comes to my mind is ham . It brings back memories of Christmas 2012 .
I have fond memories of that Christmas because of the ham and my niece .
In recent years , I have been buying ham in a shop in Cáceres which is hugely popular and I really enjoy seeing that my family is delighted , but above all , I enjoy seeing my niece , who is still a child , eating ham .
Every year , in my house , we play the same role : my mother and my sister prepare different dishes for Christmas dinner , and I am highly likely to be the one responsible for carrying those dishes from the kitchen to the dining room , because the rest of the family is lost in their conversations trying to save the world .
It was while I was coming in and out from the kitchen that I found my niece standing at the side of the table eating ham .
I do n't know how she took the plate from the centre of the table and put it in front of her , but she had started to eat it , without asking anyone .
It was an unforgettable moment . I was looking at her , slightly excited because she was eating alone without help and fast , which was and still is , unusual coming from her .
If there were more buses or trains at any time ( also in the night ) , it would be convenient to use them and to leave the car in the garage .
Unfortunately , it 's not possible because of the costs that the Economic System would be compelled to support .
So , people often prefer using the car and paying for petrol instead of a bus ticket because of having more advantages : not being forced to wait for the buses and not having to take a taxi in the night when they come back from the disco , for example .
Recently , in many towns , there is also a new system for moving around the city .
It 's called " City car " or " Car Sharing " and it consists in sharing a car , using it for our movements and then leaving it in any part of the city in a dedicated car park .
It 's a cheap service and it 's greatly appreciated by people who need a car not every day and only for a little time .
So I think that , soon , cars will take the place of public transport .
The Internship , a film by Shawn Levy with Owen Wilson and Vince Vaughn .
In this film there are two older men who have lost their jobs .
They sold clocks , but at a certain time their factory was closed .
They have to find another job .
It is n't easy finding another work for them because they are only able to sell .
In the beginning , one of them looks for a job by asking his sister 's boyfriend , but fortunately , his friend convinces him to find another job .
One day , searching on Google , the two friends discover that Google is looking for new people to employ in its company .
They send their CVs .
Of course , they are much older than the other candidates , and when the staff check their CVs only one member confirmed their candidature .
Despite everything , they could take part in the competition .
The Google agency invites a lot of people and declares that only one group will have the possibility to win .
Of course , when the groups arrange themselves , the two old men remain alone and they are forced to create a group with the discards .
Of course , on paper , this group does n't have a chance , but events demonstrate something different .
This film is interesting because it drafts work problems , but not only this , it also shows some important values , like the importance of solidarity , group cohesion and the importance of not losing faith in dreams , even if the situation is withstands .
Of course , there are also negative observations about this film . For example , there are some pornographic scenes in the middle of the story . They are n't interesting and they last too long .
In addition , some situations in the film are taken from High School Movie .
In conclusion , this film is plain and a little discounted but , at the same time , a light and funny film to watch during the summer with some friends .
Dear Jo ,
I 'm very happy to hear that you have chosen to come to my country ! I 'm sure you 'll love it because you had a great time the last time you came .
If I were you , I would start in Catalonia and I would catch a train which follows a wonderful route .
You travel around the whole of the Spanish coast and you end your trip in Madrid .
So you can see nearly all of Spain in a month and it is very worthwhile , according to my best friend .
The problem is that you have to book the hotels you want to stay in so you need some time to prepare it .
You should bring summer clothes , because it 's very hot at his time of the year , and some jackets , since the north of this country can be a little chilly too .
As you know , my father runs a tourist agency which needs some new staff and they are looking for people who speak at least three languages .
I think you 're suitable for this job as you can speak German , English and French .
It is well - paid although you have to spend hours and hours in the sun , but it 's a good idea .
It may help you to choose what to study at university , as I know you haven't decided yet .
If you do n't like this idea , there is an excellent website which offers a lot of jobs and maybe you will find something interesting .
I have included for you the name in this e - mail . I think you should take a look !
Please tell me when you make a decision .
Yours sincerely .
I think that there are different types of famous people .
Most are famous because they expose their private life and all their interests are in making money .
The rest are artists or good workers .
They do not think of money or fame , they simply enjoy working .
On the one hand , I agree with the statement because everyone has the right to enjoy a private life .
It must be uncomfortable to go out of your house and find some reporters or paparazzi waiting for you to ask question or to take photos .
If something changes in your life it will be a news item on television , and people will invent rumours about you .
You can not know if people take interest in you because they are real fans or if a person wants to take advantage of you .
On the other hand , I disagree with the statement because if they are public people , fans will be interested in them .
There are celebrities that sell their life on television and then do not want journalists to chase them .
There are other famous people who do not appear on television and they are chased by reporters .
This is because something new has occurred and they want to collect information .
It is impossible to have a private life if you are a celebrity , because people who love you want to know about your private life .
To summarize , if you expose yourself on television you will not have a private life .
The best way to keep it is not to be a famous person .
To whom it may concern ,
I would like to apply for the job of instructor in the USA Summer Camp as advertised in the newspaper .
Last winter I worked as a coach for my basketball team with kids about ten years old .
I have training in basketball and Physical Education .
For me , this is very pleasant because I like being with children and it is a challenge for me .
Moreover , I am very active and hardworking , as you request .
In addition , I am very funny and I am always joking .
It is not a problem for me to work in the kitchens because I cook at my house and I think I do very well .
I think this job is perfect for me because I love children and sport .
Also , I feel that I can be a positive incorporation in the Summer Camps .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Yours faithfully
Enric E.
Have you ever thought about what the home of the future will look like ?
Would it be different from nowadays ?
Many of us think that the home of the future will be exactly like in our favourite science - fiction movies or books , for example , " Solaris " or even " Star Wars " .
The house in which we will live in the future will be full of complicated - to - use computers and robots .
The television of the future will be amazing , because it will have a 3D projector , which means that movies will look extremely realistic .
Robots will , of course , be remarkable , which will help us with everyday chores , for instance , by cooking delicious dishes , cleaning everything in the house or even washing and ironing clothes .
To be perfectly honest , every human being dreams of the home of the future and every dream is individual , but in the future , will our dreams come true ?
Hi ,
If you want to visit some interesting place or building , you should go to our zoo , which is near Zlín in Lešná .
There is a nice old chateau and a lot of animals which are from all over the world .
You can see , for example , tigers , lions , zebras , birds , penguins or horses .
In the chateau there is an exhibition of snakes and spiders .
And the reasons for visiting our zoo ?
It 's a beautiful place for all generations in nature and you can spend all day there .
If you were hungry , there are some restaurants and fast food restaurants .
But the main reason is , that Zlín zoo is one of the biggest zoos in the Czech Republic and , in my opinion , the most beautiful .
Please write back to me and tell me if you liked the zoo or if you went to another place .
Love ,
Jitka
It is argued that famous people , such as politicians and film stars , deserve to have a private life without journalists following them all the time .
In my opinion , sometimes stars ' behaviour is very surprising .
To illustrate my point of view I want to give some examples .
On the one hand , famous people want to protect their private life , but on the other hand they want to be followed by paparazzi .
First of all , being on the covers of newspapers and magazines helps them make themselves more attractive to directors .
The other reason is that actors want to be recognisable , because popularity gives the possibility to earn more money .
Hollywood fees depend not only on skills but first of all on the fame of the person .
Film stars have very duties , for example , going to the parties organized by other people from show business .
Dear Jeff ,
Hi , How are you ?
Honestly , I do not like nature programmes so much because they are so boring !
I personally like sports programmes and comedy shows , because I love sports and also enjoy having a good laugh .
My favourite TV shows are " Hablemos de Football " , " Sports Center " , " Fox Sport " and " The Simpsons " . All these except " The Simpsons " are about sports , mainly football , basketball and rugby .
And as a sports lover I am glad to be informed about the latest matches of the international leagues like the " NBA " , " Premium League " and also the " National League " because of my deep love of sports .
I watch TV about 5 hours a day and at the weekends for about 6 hours because I can stay in bed till late .
I watch some football matches repetitions and comedy shows .
What about you ?
How is everybody there ?
What is your favourite programme ?
And I would like to know what is the most popular programme among teenagers in your country .
I hope you will write back soon .
Love ,
Lautaro
House no 26
Lal colony
Jabalpur(M.P )
2nd January 2017
Dear friend ,
Thank you for inviting me
to your engagement party .
I am very happy because you are finally getting engaged .
You are very lucky in choosing a life partner . I have seen your life partner . She is so beautiful . You both have a perfect match .
You are like Romeo and juliett . But I am really sorry I am not coming to the engagement party because my mother has been admitted to the hospital .
She had an accident today , so I have to stay here to care for her .
Once more . I am sorry .
I think you will understand my situation .
We will make another plan soon , after my mother gets well .
I am sending you a gift . Please accept it .
Please send me some engagement photographs .
My mother sends you best wishes and me too .
Say hello to your partner and to your family .
Talk to me via video conferencing after the party .
Thank you
Subham babu .
I enjoyed the summer holiday , it was entertaining and I usually travelled around Hong Kong with my family during the weekends .
I went to several places during the holiday , including the airport , Mui Wo , West Kowloon Cultural District , etc .
The summer holiday was quite long ; nearly two months .
I usually woke up at around nine o'clock in the morning and spent the day reading newspapers and books , and also digitalized some video tapes .
I enjoy reading newspapers so I can get updates on the latest developments and news .
Furthermore , it can also improve my language skills .
I usually watch television programs on the Discovery Network at night .
Besides , I find those programs talking about building massive structures and science interesting and I gained some knowledge from those programs .
To get prepared for the things to be taught in grade 9 , I also flipped through some textbooks , including Integrated Science , Geography , etc .
And I find the knowledge to be taught in some subjects interesting , while some is n't .
As I am a member of the Robotics Team , I went to school for 3 days during the summer holiday to prepare for a competition on fourth of October .
Despite the hard work , I enjoyed the process of preparing for the competition a lot .
Nowadays , our standard of living has become higher .
We are looking for better conditions everywhere .
So public transport is not an exception .
Most people prefer using their private car instead of public transport .
Basically , there are a lot of drawbacks to using this kind of transport .
First of all is traffic jams ; if you are stuck in a traffic jam in a big bus you will waste much more time than you expected on the road . Besides , public transport is overcrowded in rush hours . Another downside is that most buses are old and dirty .
That 's why people choose to travel by car , because it is more convenient and faster .
ALL ABOUT ME
My name is Alexander Engström .
I am 12 years old and I was born on September , 12 2003 .
Most of the time I like hanging out and chilling with my friends , but when I am not with my friends , I am home studying .
I have one big sister , Anisa . She is 18 years old , and I also have two younger sisters ; Alicia , 8 years old and Isabel , 4 years old .
I have many hobbies , but one of my favourite hobbies is skiing downhill , because I love doing it .
The reason why I love to ski is the freedom I feel when I ski and it is also my type of sport .
Green And Clean Environment
Introduction
The aim of this report is to explain the way our Community have decided to preserve the environment of our town and which other activities could be useful in order to achieve this purpose .
Schools and Offices
On the one hand , if you belong to a school , you can participate by giving information to the children about the catastrophic image our village would have if we did not reduce the pollution to the minimum range .
On the other hand , everyone has the opportunity to clean the streets where they spend most of their time .
It could be the place where you work or your house .
Nobody needs to be worried about the vacuum or the broom because it is provided by the Government .
Recycling
If you do not have time to help with those kinds of activities , there is a rule you must follow .
You have to throw away every single thing you have in the correct container in order to recycle them .
Recommendations
My recommendation is to invest in a good cleaning machine , consequently we will not have to spend hours cleaning the streets .
A high number of tourists visit Cáceres searching for culture , heritage and typical food from Extremadura .
For that reason , this town has a lot of facilities to meet that demand and to offer a good time too .
The most attractive resource in Cáceres is its heritage .
The old town is an historical and cultural center where a great part of the tourism is focused .
This part of the city is ready to receive tourism because there is intensive control on access to the old town by car .
Anyway , taxis and official vehicles are free to use whenever you want .
One of the most characteristic things about this region is the food and Cáceres is the top city of gastronomy in Europe .
Currently , Cáceres is the only Spanish city having a European award for offering a wide selection of food and drink .
" Atrio " is the most important restaurant in the city and it has been recognised with two stars by the most famous guide for restaurants in Spain .
Anyway , " Atrio " is not just a fine food restaurant , but it is a five - star hotel in the middle of the old town .
Also , Cáceres has a great offer if someone wants to buy other things like clothes , souvenirs and art .
Pintores Street is the commercial place of the city and it has a great selection of shops and restaurants with typical food from Spain .
Garlic is a plant , a member of the lily family , with a characteristic odor and taste .
It has been known in human history since at least 3000 B.C. In many cultures , garlic is associated with superstitions , bringing bad or good luck .
In Ancient Egypt , garlic was used by people for health purposes .
The slaves , who constructed the pyramids , were fed with garlic , because the Egyptians believed that garlic would make the workers stronger , so they could work harder .
In the Roman and Greek cultures , people believed in garlic 's magic powers to ward off Evil .
Even Homer mentioned garlic in his Odyssey .
In the Middle Ages , sailors carried garlic with them to help them endure long periods at sea .
In more recent years , in World War I , soldiers used garlic to prevent gangrene .
At the present time , modern science is providing some evidence of a real beneficial effect of garlic consumption on human health .
Experiments carried out with garlic and some types of bacteria , revealed the ability of garlic to kill some kinds of bacteria .
At least 23 different types of bacteria were tested .
Therefore , the bactericidal effect of garlic can probably explain some ancients ' beliefs that this plant could help in some illness treatments .
It can explain , too , why the use of garlic was a good option to prevent gangrene in WWI .
Another experiment demonstrated a positive effect of garlic on the blood system .
It was demonstrated that garlic has a compound that can make the blood " thinner " .
This can be used to prevent heart attack and stroke .
Therefore , including garlic in the diet can really be beneficial for health , as some cultures believed .
How many of us today are really into helping the environment ?
There are a lot of campaigns going on globally .
Is it worth all the time , energy and money spent on convincing people to be responsible for their environment ?
Yes , indeed !
I recently joined a campaign program in Manila , Philippines , dedicated to protecting and preserving our natural resources .
I was very enthusiastic in all the activities until after one event .
I found out that the leaders of this organization were not realizing the beliefs and principles they were imparting to the public .
They were not a good representation of their ideals .
I backed off and decided to just continue to make my personal contribution to helping mother earth .
I believe that if we aim for a change , then the change should start with us .
Maybe we can not convince the whole world to participate in helping the environment right away , but it can begin with ourselves .
After my awareness of what was happening with our natural resources , I am very glad to have been playing my part .
I have been living an environment - friendly lifestyle since 5 years ago .
Firstly , I cycle to work every day .
This does n't just save me from excessive gasoline expenses , but it also made me physically fit .
Secondly , I turn off the faucet and the switches when not in use .
Thirdly , I segregate my rubbish .
At home , I have separate garbage bins for paper , plastic and organic waste .
Fourthly , I only buy organic products for consumption and keep a small spice garden in my backyard .
And finally , I am educating my two children about the importance of what I am doing in order to help our environment .
All in all , I think that helping our environment does n't have to be a big deal . We should be aware of the fact that mother earth is irreplaceable and irrevocable .
We have the time now to do what is necessary .
We can begin with ourselves , in our family , in our own homes .
That is a small start , but it will eventually reap a huge outcome .
Dear Sir / Madam ,
My name is Juan Farías and I am writing to apply for a course at the Effective Learning School .
To begin with , I would like to tell you that I am really interested in the course because I think it would provide me with some professional advantages in my career as a school teacher .
Learning languages is increasingly important in the teaching sector , so I want to improve it .
I would be able to spend three months on an intensive course in the spring .
Starting in April or May would be right for my schedule .
I think my weak points are speaking and listening skills . Nevertheless , I would also be interested in working over writing and grammar points .
Although I am in my late forties I am still very active , so I like practising sports , music and going to the cinema as well .
I am looking forward to hearing from you soon .
Yours Faithfully .
Juan Farías
Michael is an American guy , living and studying in the Netherlands at Leiden University .
He has been living in the Netherlands for about a year .
He chose to study in Amsterdam because he loves that city , it 's his dream city and he loves canals and Amsterdam 's lifestyle .
One day , he went out with a couple of friends . They went to a night club called " Miami beach " . They were dancing and having fun and then he saw a beautiful girl and she could n't take her eyes off him , so he decided to go and talk to her .
She was very kind and she was smiling all the time . He offered her a drink and late in the night they went to her house , where they spent the night together .
The next day , he woke up with a hangover and realized that he had made love without using protection .
He started to panic and put his clothes on and walked to the door .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
I heard a noise .
I looked back and I noticed that the earth was strange .
Moved by my curiosity , I dug up and found a paper which contained a map .
Without a second thought I decided to follow the directions on the puzzling map .
I did n't know what I was going to find at the end of my hunt , but that idea made the situation even more exciting .
The directions took me along a path towards a cave and I went into it .
I had been well prepared and I carried a lantern .
I walked through the darkness and finally I arrived at a stunning lake .
There was a boat by the shore and as soon as I went on board it started to move .
A few meters ahead , I saw a blinding light and I realized that I was n't alone because I could hear the sound of music and people talking .
Dazzled by the sun , when I opened my eyes , i realized that I was in a wonderful funfair .
My relatives and friends had prepared a surprise birthday party that I will never forget .
Dear group leader ,
I am writing in connection with your stay in Cracow .
I know you 're looking for an interesting place to visit , so I want to offer you a place where you can rest , have a lot of fun and have a great time with your group .
I want to recommend the amusement park , one of the most interesting places to visit here .
On the face of it , it sounds childish , but I think it 's a good way to spend free time , even for adults .
This is a huge amusement park with many attractions for young people looking for excitement .
There are many carousels , go - carts , slides .
There 's also something for anyone who does n't like risky play .
I 'm thinking of an aqua park where you can not only swim but also take advantage of SPA , jacuzzi , sauna .
The amusement park and aqua park are located close the centre , so you do n't have to go far away .
I hope that you will take advantage of my proposal .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Yours faithfully ,
XYZ
The picture shows clearly the process of making bank notes .
As is shown in the picture , we can obviously see that four main steps make up the process .
First and foremost , the bank notes should be designed and the design includes background colour , artwork and security issues .
Next is the preparation of metal plates .
In this step , skilled machinists are required .
Then printing the banknotes .
In this stage , they pay attention to the colour , and special ink and slightly raised images are necessary .
The last but most important step is the inspection .
In this step , the workers should be able to tell the good quality sheets from the bad ones .
If the sheet is good quality , it will be cut into separate notes , packed and
dispatched .
If the sheet is bad quality , it will be securely destroyed .
There could be a third situation .
When the sheet is partly damaged , it will also be cut into banknotes .
The difference is , the good part will be kept while the bad part will be destroyed .
Well , I 'm sorry but , although I studied French when I was young , I have forgotten almost everything .
So , I tried to translate your French on Google translator and I could n't understand what you meant about my English and Google translator . I 'm used to writing English and I at am intermediate level .
I use Google translator to find an equivalent word to a Spanish word sometimes .
It is n't easy at all , they 're very different languages , and I prefer to use the software " Grammarly spellchecker " to get some help .
Anyway , if you want to know my level , I can tell you I 've finished level B1 .
I will start level B2 on the next course .
I do n't think you know our national team .
There is a new and stunning generation of basketball players .
Mirotic , Ibaka , Claver , Marc Gasol ( and his younger brother is all a promise ) . Therefore , we 'll have Paul Gasol 's brothers at least for ten years more , but also , Felipe Reyes , Rudy Fernadez , Sergio Rodriguez , Sergio Llul , Calderón are young still .
I 'm sorry to tell you , but we are going to have an awesome team for a long time to come .
About Ricky Rubio :
I do n't think you follow the American news .
You just have to search on Youtube and you 'll find a lot of videos .
He 's improving his game in a spectacular way .
Indeed , his team was almost at the bottom of the NBA teams , whereas they are in the middle position now .
It is n't only that he 's a very good player ( He is :D ) , but also , thanks to his style of play , his assists , and points have served as a lever to his team , which has improved dramatically .
He began to play as a professional in Spain when he was 14 years old , and he began in our national team when he was 17 years old .
His current team is preparing him physically in the gym . His physical form has improved a lot and now he is faster , stronger and he 's still 23 years old .
Watching him play is a delight , especially his assists and juggling games while he looks in the opposite direction .
I really enjoy watching him play a lot .
The " Di Roma restaurant " is a restaurant situated in the heart of a small village , " Monção " . It is very popular with teenagers and adults who love to eat pizza or any other fast food .
As you enter the place you are welcomed by a magnificent setting , a lot of paintings of the city .
Sitting at any table , you have a wonderful view of the workshop - like kitchen , where you can see the chefs working , so you can see how they make the food that you will eat .
All fast food dishes are home - made .
The chefs take great care in selecting the best - quality ingredients .
The restaurant also caters for all tastes by providing a large selection of the best wines of the region , which are very popular around the country .
The service is always great . The clients do n't have to wait a long time until the dish is made . While clients are waiting they always give them some Indian food .
The price of the food is very cheap , taking into account the quality .
I had a pleasant dining experience with food of the most exquisite flavours .
For this reason , I highly recommend going to Di Roma restaurant .
Hi Jairwoo ,
I recently tried to ask you some questions through your " Ask Me " section on your site , but it said :
However , I 'm Andrea and I 'm from Italy .
I 've followed you for 2 months and I really love your style !
Please can you tell me some websites where I can learn how to style , how to combine clothes and things like that ?
I would like to make my own style but I do n't know where to begin !
Whenever I search on Google for " men fashion " , I only find stuff for mature men .
The problem is that I 'm only sixteen ... what should I do ?
Thank you so much !
Public transport is not as valued as it should be although a lot of people use it every day .
Here are some of my reasons for thinking that public transport is important .
Firstly , it is very good for the environment because it reduces a lot of carbon dioxide gas which , if everybody took their car instead of taking public transport , would pollute the atmosphere .
Secondly , travelling on public transport makes it much easier to travel in rush hours or in those periods in which you should not take your car .
Finally , it is a good way of travelling because it is safer than travelling in a car or on a motorbike and also because you are much more relaxed than in a car and it saves time , too .
To conclude , public transport is good for the environment , it makes it much easier and cheaper to travel , and it , in some ways , saves lives .
For those reasons and some others , I think that public transport should be here for many years to come .
Hello .
I am going to talk about my country .
I live in the capital of Sweden , Stockholm .
It is a big city with more than one million people .
I live in a little part of Stockholm called Danderyd .
Danderyd is n't inside the city .
It 's some kilometers outside of it .
Because Danderyd is n't in the city , it 's very much nature and nice people .
So Sweden is located in the north part of Europe .
Between Norway and Finland .
It 's a big country and does n't have many inhabitants .
Around 9 - 10 million people .
It 's one of the biggest countries in Europe if you think about the area Sweden has .
Anyway , about one thousand years ago , Sweden , Denmark , Finland and Norway were Vikings .
The Vikings were like pirates that lived in the countries I 'm talking about one thousand years ago .
They sailed to France and England to plunder .
But they also were the ones that first discovered Greenland , North America and Asia .
The Vikings were feared by most people in Europe , but they were also merchants and explorers .
Most people in Sweden are Christians .
But because Sweden accepted so many people fleeing to Sweden from the wars in the northern parts of Africa and the southwest parts of Asia .
The climate in Sweden can be very cold , especially in the northern parts of Sweden .
If you are at the most northern part of Sweden , it 's always day in the summer and always night in the winter .
Also , when it 's winter you can see something called the northern lights .
It 's a strange light in the sky in different colours that is very beautiful .
Some people travel to Sweden just to see it .
In Sweden we have very good education .
Most people go to high school and university .
There is a problem with jobs , though .
It 's hard for young people to find jobs in Sweden .
In Sweden we are very proud of a free downloadable program where you can listen to almost all the music in the world .
It 's called Spotify and it has grown super big .
There is also another free program that is called Skype , where you can talk to each other and text each other totally free !
The gaming community in the world is growing fast and most of the boys that have a computer play games .
In Sweden , gaming is really big and there is also one game maker that has made a game called BF , or Battle Field .
It has been a great success and is one of the best games in the world .
We in Sweden are also very proud of our best football player , Zlatan .
He 's one of the best football players in the world and is really popular both in Sweden and in other countries , especially in Europe .
Even though we have a lot to be proud of , we need to make a lot of things better .
In Sweden , we have a lot of different people from different cultures .
The problem is that there are a lot of Swedish people that are racists .
Not the majority , of course , but there are many racists .
That can be really painful for those who are n't from Sweden originally .
Or for those who do n't have Swedish culture .
Also , as I said before , we need more jobs .
My home country is Hong Kong , which is a former British colony .
After the handover in 1997 , it became a special administrative region of China .
The location of Hong Kong is in Asia , and its location seems to be a bridge between China and the world .
Since it is located in a specific area between China and the west , both cultures are also popular there .
Despite the land in Hong Kong being just 1,100 sq.km , 7.2 million citizens live there .
From the 1980 's , it has been developed as an international financial centre and so many global investors have set up their headquarters there .
Compared with other developed countries , Hong Kong 's economy is stable and competing with Singapore to be the prime leader of Asia .
For languages , Chinese and English are the main languages which are used in Hong Kong .
For education , every developed country is concerned with the issue .
The Hong Kong government has invested lots of capital in developing a better education system to build a knowledge - based society and a better future .
It is providing a 12-year free education for every child and they must be educated for at least 9 years .
As mentioned , Hong Kong is a special administrative region of China , whose systems and laws are different from Mainland China .
Residents in Hong Kong are enjoying a high level of freedom in religion , speech , organization , activities , going abroad during their life .
Owing to those separate characteristics , actually , Hong Kong can be described as a colourful and brilliant city .
Going places is of paramount importance for people , and going quickly even more so ; that 's why I think public transport is not the most efficient way to go places .
The use of public transport takes more time than using a car , which can be considered as a waste of time .
You are dependent on schedules when you use public means of transport . That is to say you can not begin your journey when you want .
You must wait for the right time of departure and you must be at the departure point on time , which implies getting to that specific place by any other means of transport .
All this makes using a car much more convenient , due to the fact that not only do you leave when you want , but also straightaway from the very door of your own house .
When you go by car you can control your timing , stop at will , and if you go with someone else , it may be cheaper : provided the cost of the journey will be the same , no matter how many passengers you take with you , while on public transport you have to pay for a ticket for every single passenger .
Anyway , to tell you the truth , I 'd rather take a train . For instance , it means travelling in a relaxing way , not running risks of accidents , having the chance to read or play " travel " chess , meeting new people , like on a stage coach but moving faster .
Dear Sir / Madam
I am writing in response to your advertisement , which appeared in this month 's edition of EnglishAcademy magazine .
As you will see from my enclosed CV , I have worked the last three years as a personal assistant to the director of a well - known international company based in London while I am finishing my part - time degree in Modern Languages ( English - German ) .
Though my mother tongue is Spanish , my English is fluent and I am versatile with different languages .
Throughout my work history and studies , I have displayed excellent teamwork and people - oriented skills , which I believe are crucial skills in an administrative position .
I have also worked under pressure and met deadlines without any problems , because I am used to being resourceful and managing time efficiently .
In terms of my suitability for reception and administrative roles , I am organized , amiable and helpful .
In addition , I have excellent customer service skills and am highly efficient in the use of computers in a wide variety of applications .
Therefore , I consider myself competent and optimistic to respond to the challenge offered by the post of receptionist in your language school .
I would genuinely welcome the opportunity of an invitation to work for your language school .
I have recently moved to York and am available for an immediate start .
Please do not hesitate to contact me for any further information or to arrange a personal meeting .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Yours faithfully
I do n't know what I have to say , but the only thing that I know is that my English pronunciation is not very good .
I want to improve my English pronunciation skills so I will be able to understand native speakers .
I have an American girlfriend and she is very fluent in English because it is her mother tongue .
I want to be fluent so she can understand what I want to tell her .
I want to tell her so many things about my feelings towards her , but I do n't know how to say that .
Now I have decided to improve my writing skills , because once they have improved , I will be very happy and I think that my ideas ' expression will be good .
I think that my pronunciation will be good when I can speak for a long period of time and in all situations .
So , now I have two main goals .
The first one is to study a lot of grammar lessons , and the second one is to learn how to organize my ideas for a long period of time speaking .
Thank you for sending me the corrected form of my writing , and I really appreciate that very much .
His name is Mohamed , but he is usually called Franco , an easier name to use in Italy , the country where he works .
Mohamed is from Senegal . He is 33 years old , and graduated in education with a Master 's in education for children and people with special needs .
He completed his studies six years ago , but since then he has been unable to find proper employment in his country .
Therefore , he decided to migrate , looking for better job opportunities .
After a complex and difficult journey , Mohamed managed to reach the Italian coast in 2011 . Helped by the Senegalese community , he eventually found a job as a fruit seller in a local market .
Despite his high qualified studies in education , Mohamed had to do a job in a completely different field .
The phenomenon of the immigration of people from Africa to Europe seeking better opportunities has become common in the last decades .
However , nowadays , even in rich Western Europe , many highly qualified European graduates struggle to find employment .
This has become a challenging issue that is leading most of them to start the same immigration pattern followed by Mohamed towards other countries .
Unlike the post - War society , where the European economy was booming , for more than 5 years , Europe has been suffering from a profound economic crisis whose major effects are borne by the young , including highly qualified graduates .
Such a phenomenon is also worsened by the education curriculum adopted in many schools , which has failed to adapt to the changes brought about in society by globalization .
Schools and job markets are often separated like two different worlds .
Therefore , once graduated , qualified young people find themselves facing both the economic crisis and a hostile job market .
I believe that governments of different countries should come together to find appropriate measures to overcome the economic crisis and stop the vicious circle that leads qualified people to be excluded from the job market and , therefore , contribute to exacerbating the impact of the economic crisis .
My name is Chloé Dubé and I am both Italian and French .
I go cycling and running regularly so I think I could describe myself as a sportswoman .
I am a passionate reader , in particular of thrillers and French poetry .
My passion for travel goes back years to when I was just a child . As I am a curious person , I like tasting new foods and discovering new places .
I like to think of myself as a go - getter , so I always try to keep myself active .
I am not a class act , yet I try to do my best , so if I have to work in a team I am the mover and shaker of the group .
However , as I tend to be set in my ways , sometimes I can appear a know - it - all or too pragmatic .
I would like to be part of this project as next year I will have to live a long way from my parents in order to study Medicine .
Therefore , I think this experience of three months could offer me a unique chance to grow as a person and better understand if I am actually ready to be 100% independent .
I think this experience is the challenge that I need in order to become more mature and responsible .
I believe that this project is the smartest way to spend my summer .
Indeed , following a routine of work would allow me to put my mind in gear and study two or three hours a day .
In addition , this project is probably the best chance of really getting to know more about the Baltic Republics .
A couple of years ago , I spent a couple of weeks in Bright with Ef .
During that period , I shared a room with two Finnish girls in a foster family .
We got on like a house on fire and I still have several wonderful memories .
Therefore , I would be more than willing to share this experience with another student .
As on the 6th of September there will be the university entry test for Medicine , I will have to fly back to Italy for a couple of days .
In my spare time I am the baby - sitter of an adorable boy who is only 6 years old .
Last year , I did some graphic design for the website of a society called SHIPinSPACE .
In addition , last year , I participated in a work placement at the ASL in Rivoli .
I am going to repeat the experience in March at the local hospital .
Shopping is not always enjoyable .
Is this true ? I agree with this statement .
Why ?
Because , when we decide to go shopping and we have an idea what we want to buy and it appears that we ca n't find what we want , we are disappointed and frustrated .
Sometimes , shopping - particularly for women - is the best way to improve their mood .
For example , when they find what they want , or find something in a smaller size , or just find a trifle and are happy .
Unfortunately , shopping can also bring displeasure .
For example , when we stay in a queue , coming to the cash register and it transpires that the price on the label is more expensive .
As we know , for women shopping is the best way to relax , but for men , it is just torture .
I think that if there is no public transport in the future , the traffic will be a total mess !
Because everybody drives their cars and motorcycles on the roads , the traffic jams will not only be a serious problem for the government but will also be a safety problem for citizens .
More vehicles on roads means more car accidents happening .
Therefore , the government need to introduce a good traffic policy to ensure citizens ' safety and welfare of have the privilege of driving on the road .
If there are so many vehicles on the road , it may cause several problems .
One is that people may be stuck in traffic jams during the rush hours . The second is the more vehicles there are on the roads , the more exhaust fumes will be emitted into the air . The last and the most important problem is that the gas and oil would be depleted .
As a result , I think traveling only by car is not a wise choice for the earth , although it is convenient .
But we need to think that there is a better way to protect the earth and humans ' environment , such as riding a bicycle or waiting for an environmentally - friendly car to be invented .
No future for public transport ?
People 's lifestyles have changed completely in the past 20 years .
Cars are more common on city roads .
Cars symbolize wealth .
Many people have to travel longer distances to work , and most often their only working tool is their own car .
In addition , most people are not used to walking even short distances .
In big cities , people live a more isolated life and are always in a hurry .
Even though there are more and more cars on the roads , I do not think this tendency will completely reduce the demand for public transportation for the following reasons :
Traffic jams cause many problems in big cities .
In those cities where the number of residents is over a million , the public transport system is widely used .
One of the most widely used is the subway .
Students often use public transport instead of cars between cities .
There are many people who have experienced a car crash , or are just simply afraid of driving , so they prefer to use public transport .
Those people who have mental or other serious illnesses are n't allowed or are not able to drive a car . For them , the public transport system is necessary .
Not to mention that driving a car means you are responsible for your passengers ' lives and it is less about convenience , even if travelling by car means you do n't need to deal with other passengers .
I agree that there is a lower demand for public transport in smaller cities and towns , but that does n't mean it has no future .
I 'm from Ecuador , a country surrounded by a great number of natural resources .
We are an underdeveloped country , as other countries say , a " third world country " , but I 'm happy about that .
Why ?
Because we see developed countries and the way that they use resources .
We see what they really are ; the underdeveloped countries that they are .
Seeing all of that , we will change our future , doing different things than they have done .
Recently , my country has started to develop its resources , our renewable energy , such as wind , solar , hydro - electric power , geothermal energy .
Nowadays , we really focus on how we can extract this energy , but not on other important things , like the way that we can start to use it , the correct use that we could make of it or how we can reuse the energy .
Starting to develop our nation is in effect starting an excessive use of energy and hence starting to destroy the environment .
Traditional energies are focused on giving all the resources to big cities .
Poor people leave their towns to look for a better life . But if we started to give them enough resources and decrease their migration to the big cities , the need for energy would be decreased .
Also , it is a big opportunity to help them .
They need resources to improve their living conditions until my country has the possibility to give them better opportunities .
It is difficult to understand a sectoral development where the global interest is in big cities , without looking after and helping the surroundings .
Nowadays , my country has started to build a great number of hydroelectric and wind parks and we are also starting to think about geothermal energy .
But I think one thing is necessary before implementing these types of energies .
All of them require further studies to be done and , with that , we could find out the feasibility of the projects and the size of them .
Implementation takes time and money , but if the project does not work , all of that could be spent in vain .
Sustainability is not about searching for resources and then building large constructions to extract them .
Sustainability is about finding the best way to interact with the environment .
It is like making friends with nature and finding out what it needs of us and showing it what we need of it .
Trying to take care of it , extracting only the necessary and trying to cause the least possible damage .
As I said before , all of this needs time and a great number of studies .
Starting to an take interest in alternative energy and trying to see ways to use it in your native country is the first step .
The implementation of projects does not need to be only about spending money .
Done in a good way , the implementation of projects helps to improve citizens ' lives .
All those little steps help our nation to build a developed country that is environmentally friendly .
I live in one of the most polluted cities in India , which is also the capital of India , i.e. Delhi .
However , the city has taken various steps and measures to keep it clean and green .
It makes it mandatory for the inter - city buses , commercial vehicles and other heavy vehicles to use Compressed Natural Gas ( CNG ) instead of diesel .
It encourages people to plant more trees and cutting them has been made a punishable offence .
Burning of leaves and other waste products has also been made a punishable offence .
A large number of huge capacity waste treatment plants have been established to keep the city clean and green .
Recently , for the protection of the environment , the Hon'ble National Green Tribunal passed an order banning diesel vehicles more than 15 years old .
Gradually , people in the city are becoming cautious with respect to the environment and they are trying their best to keep it clean and safe .
People are inculcating the habit of disposing of garbage at a defined place .
They are conserving rain water using a rain water harvesting process .
They are trying to reduce dependency on private vehicles and switching to public modes of transport .
They are using more renewable sources of energy rather non - renewable sources of energy .
Installation of solar heaters , solar lights , using solar cell watches and driving electric cars are in vogue in the city .
MY FAVOURITE SOAP OPERA .
I really enjoy soap operas I have seen a lot of them , but in my opinion , the best one is an English one called Fawlty Towers .
It was written by John Clees and Conni Both and it shows the daily life in a fictitious hotel .
There are four main characters : the hotel owner , a moody man and his bossy wife , and the workers , a pleasant maid and a Spanish waiter who does n't speak English .
In every episode , new clients go to this hotel and have a lot of crazy , funny and sarcastic situations , between workers , owners and customers .
Particularly when the owner gives orders to the waiter , these situations become hilarious .
It was a short soap opera , only ten chapters , but at the end , it seems like you have known them for a long time .
I recommend it .
Its short stories have a funny and relaxed time .
As technology develops rather rapidly , it 's a world - wide phenomenon now for us to find that large - scale buildings and transport networks are to be built for the sake of human economy , which means vast areas of farmland , forest and wetland are on the way to being ruined .
A large number of problems are coming up at present .
First of all , the environment that belongs to both man and wildlife is going to lose balance in the ecosystem .
It means that more kinds of species are endangered because they are unable to adapt themselves to the remaining land .
Then comes the problem of human beings .
The planting of vegetables and other food on the farmland will decrease so much that the needs of humans may not be met one day .
Moreover , with the decreasing number of trees and many other plants , carbon dioxide can not be coped with by those natural machines , which will melt the remaining ice in the world .
Thus , the sea level will go up to influence the climate , leading to warmer days in the whole world .
As far as I 'm concerned , it 's critical for governments to take measures to reduce the problems .
Firstly , relevant laws and principles should be put in place to forbid extravagant expansion in the natural system .
In addition , supervision of the protecting steps needs to be undertaken by the government .
What 's more , the importance of the protection of nature can be emphasized by educating citizens gradually , no matter whether it 's on campus or in public places .
Anyway , the key to protecting our living environment from being destroyed is to do it as individuals , step by step .
Dear Sir ,
I 'm looking for a language centre which prepares students to take the Cambridge exams , especially the F.C.E. On reading the newspaper , I 've learned about your classes and your method seems efficient .
So , I wonder if I could apply to one of your courses ?
As I 'm taking a year off , I am available at any time in the week .
I 've been living in Ireland since last August in order to practise my English language , but I need to improve my spelling and my writing as well .
I am interested in applying for one - on - one classes in order to study in the most efficient way I can .
Please could you give me more information about it as soon as possible in order to book in quickly .
( How much ?
When can we start ?
How long ?
Etc .. )
I am looking forward to hearing from you soon
yours faithfully ,
Sandrine Verreau
The doorbell rang .
When I opened the door , imagine my surprise !
In front of me stood a Hare Krishna !
I was alone in the office , it was late and I had a lot of work to do and when I heard the sound of the doorbell I felt really upset because I was looking forward to going home .
Anyway , the man was wearing an orange costume , he was surprisingly tall and slim and he was completely bald except for a long black ponytail coming out of his head .
He seemed the most pacific man in the world , so I was n't afraid .
On the contrary , I felt pretty amused when he started dancing , prancing and singing an unknown song .
It was really hard not to burst out laughing in his face !
When he stopped , he gave me a coloured bracelet and said that it would make me happier .
I was so glad to have had this comic moment that I gave him a little gift and I invited him to come back again !
UNFORGETTABLE FRIEND
I met her in second grade . We were queuing to go into class . That was the moment I saw her .
And how could I have known that she would change my life forever ?
She was different from all the other kids .
She was quiet , but interesting at the same time .
We became friends when we were 8 years old and we visited each other all the time .
At that time , I did n't have many friends . She helped me to overcome my problems and trust myself .
That is why she is so special to me .
We never hide anything from each other .
We are different , but I think that that is a curious thing about friendship .
8 years later , she has become my best friend , my lost sister , my complement .
She was hard to find , but impossible to forget .
Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately .
He had forgotten he had a doctor 's appointment and he was running late .
He finishes getting ready for his appointment .
Once in the car , he starts to drive like a maniac .
How could he forget the time of his appointment ?
He still needs to find an ATM to withdraw some money to pay for his appointment .
Once he finds one , he pulls up the car and goes as fast as he can to get some money .
He finally arrives .
She was waiting for him .
Hopefully , next time he will set up a reminder to avoid this happening again .
On the other hand , public transport is inconvenient .
It is crowded at rush hour .
Pickpockets can have a field day with all the commotion of rush hour .
Because public transport does not operate 24 hours a day , it means people have to follow a schedule .
Furthermore , there are certain forms of transport , such as trains , that do not travel to the suburbs , so people either have to walk long distances to reach the nearest stop or be dependent on one form of public transport to catch another , which can be a great source of stress if there is ever a delay .
When it comes to the issue of whether pets can be like our family .
Some people suggest that we should avoid treating them this way , while others maintain the opposite view .
As far as I am concerned , the latter point of view carries more weight .
I am inclined to believe that pets can be treated as family members because they are loyal , and have souls as well as being humans ' friends .
First of all , dogs and cats are very loyal creatures .
There are many dogs who are more loyal and trustworthy than many people on the earth .
Pets can not deceive or lie .
Many dogs , for example , help their owners and protect them from many dangers .
For example , my friend has a dog . One day when they were on his farm .
A snake tried to bite my friend but his dog , at the last moment , saved him and took that snake away .
That is why I love pets .
He took an action which many other people could not .
For that reason , I appreciate my pets as if they are my friends .
Secondly , the reason for my tendency to treat pets as family members , is that they have souls .
They feel , as if they were humans .
They feel our love towards them and they can share this love with us .
While they can not express their emotions in our ordinary ways .
Everyone should treat them in a kind way .
They will never try to hurt any human being , so why do people try to hurt them ?
Domestic animals are very sensitive creatures that we have to treat as our babies .
Another point that is worth mentioning is that pets can be considered like human friends .
We can talk , walk and hang out with them .
Many people talk with their pets as if they understand them .
One can talk with his dog , cat or any other kind of pet as if they are their psychiatrist .
They discuss with them many life events .
For example , I have an old neighbor who lives alone with his cat .
He talks with her and plays with her .
When I see him and ask him how he is .
He always tells me that " we " are fine , referring to him and his cat .
After seeing how this old man lives alone with his cat without suffering from loneliness ,
I do not mind or fear living alone anymore , as I have my friend , which is my cat .
To sum up , as a person reaches adulthood , he needs to decide whether to be a human or not .
He has to choose between treating his pets as family members or not .
I would argue that treating our pets as our friends is an indication of humanity .
Since they are creatures like us , they have souls and feelings .
They can take care of us and love us in a very interesting way .
That is why I consider my cat my faithful friend .
Hello Paul ,
It 's such a long time since we talked last time .
It was at Martin 's party where there was amazing music and lots of people .
Do you remember ?
I haven't heard anything from you since then .
What have you been up to ? I 've just started a new job for a big French company .
I 'm delighted although the weather is awful .
I think the rain will stop when pigs fly .
The city where I live is nice with parks and , a huge lake .
I usually go running there .
I would like to see you soon .
Are you still in Barcelona ? We could meet up next month because I will have holidays .
Give my regards to your family .
Bye
Javier
Dear Sir ,
I am writing to you with reference to your advertisement which I saw in the " Daily News " .
I am sixteen years of age , pursuing a degree of Intermediate at Imperial College , keen to work .
I really find this job useful for me as I have a heart to be with children and want to earn money for myself .
I would love to arrange fun activities for children .
I have gained some experience of working with children while baby - sitting my cousins last year .
I used to cook , took them out and played a lot .
I am a fluent English speaker as I had the chance to spend my childhood in Kent .
Moreover , I got a diploma in English reading and writing skills .
I would feel relieved if you would let me know about the commencement of the program as I can travel this month and the salary offered per week .
Please do not hesitate to contact me if any further information is required .
I am looking forward to your response .
Yours faithfully ,
Amina Safar
SEAWEED : OUR FUTURE
I felt nervous when the phone rang .
I was waiting for the answer .
I was beginning to work in a research center for Energy .
My work was very interesting and exciting .
Unfortunately , my scholarship was ending and I was thinking about returning home .
I liked my project a lot and I wanted to continue with it , but my project manager was worried .
He was looking for funds to keep our team .
There were five of us .
I picked up the phone .
It was my boss . He told me : " Go ahead ! , the project continues ! " .
I hung up the phone and I went out to celebrate the moment with my colleagues .
We felt very happy .
Thanks to a crowd - funding campaign , we obtained the minimum funds to develop our innovate work .
We found a group of algae which store energy cleanly .
We only needed a water tank and the sun .
The energy of the sun was the food for the seaweed and they stored it in their cells .
Unfortunately , the process only works for twelve hours .
Our goal was to increase the storage capacity to several days .
We built a pilot plant to test our investigations in the laboratory .
The public authorities helped us when we showed our solutions .
Nowadays , our team has grown up and there are thirty of us .
We are going to build an industrial plant to achieve our dream : storing renewable energy without using toxic materials and mining resources from the Earth .
Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately .
He realized that he had forgotten to finish his homework , so , he ran back home quickly , and started finishing his homework .
While Peter was doing his homework , his best friend , Tommy , invited Peter to play football at night .
However , Peter decided to turn down Tommy 's invitation , and continue to do his homework .
Ten minutes later , he felt bored and wanted to play some video games , but he had lots of homework to do .
He was frustrated .
After that , he took a deep breath on his bed and made his final decision . He decided to keep on doing his homework and project .
The next day , he handed in his homework to his teacher and he got the highest mark in his class .
In this story , we can learn that strength of will is important for us to do something important in our daily life .
Anna knew that it was going to be a very special day for her .
She was about to start an important trip , an essential change to her life .
Maybe the day itself would n't be extraordinary , but , for sure , she would remember it all her life .
In the near future , she would describe this day to her friends in a pub , probably her new friends .
Not every day do you leave your country without knowing when and why you will come back .
Anna woke up at half past nine when the alarm rang .
The first thing she saw was a perfectly packed suitcase near her bed .
The day before , all the clothes which were inside the suitcase had been laid out on the bed : trousers , spring t - shirts , nightdresses and so on .
She sighed and went to have a shower .
She was doing all the routine activities automatically , thinking of her next journey .
She had lived abroad several times but she had never gone without knowing about her return .
At that moment , Spain was an unfair country .
She had been trying to find a job for a year , but she was n't lucky at all .
She was a graduate , had even studied a Master 's , and she had nothing to lose .
She was brave and intelligent , so she was going to start a new life with new opportunities in a different and fairer country .
Her parents went to see her off at the airport .
They were crying .
It was not easy to let a daughter go away on her own .
However , they knew that it was the best for her .
Good luck , Anna .
Nowadays , many people dream of being famous .
They think that a famous person has a marvellous life with no problems , no duties or worries .
They think that this group of people just has a better life and things go very well .
But people should realize , that there are many advantages and disadvantages to being celebrities .
As far as I 'm concerned , there are more disadvantages .
Basically , a famous figure has no privacy .
They ca n't go to the cinema or theatre , or just go for a walk without being recognised .
No matter where a famous person goes , he must realize that , next day , he will be on the front page of the newspapers with lots of rumours .
Celebrities do n't have an easy life .
I think they have no life at all .
Because , what is proper in living when journalists are following every step the famous person takes ?
We are all free people and everyone deserves to have his own life .
In my opinion , journalists and other people should accept and respect it and sometimes they should just let go .
Nevertheless , celebrities decided on that kind of life .
They made that decision on their own .
So , I think that they must have known about the consequences and should just live as they like .
Dear Sir / Madam ,
I have seen the advertisement for the vacancy in your cafe in the local newspaper and would like to apply for this position .
My name is Mike Hennings .
I am a 22-year - old part - time student of the local university .
I have had two previous jobs .
The first was in a bar owned by my uncle , and the second , in a local restaurant named " Dragon " ( Chinese cuisine ) .
I am an accurate , punctual and trustworthy person .
My employers have never complained about my work .
I resigned from my last employment because the restaurant was closed for a long refurbishment .
I am able to work from 9 am til 2 pm every weekday .
I am also ready to work longer shifts on Wednesdays , and on Fridays and Saturdays I can work extra time .
If you need any references , I can request them from the University Student Center and from my last employer . I am available to start work next week .
My mobile number is 0789999999 .
I am available from 10 am till 17 pm .
I am looking forward to hearing from you .
Yours faithfully ,
Mike Hennings
The Colosseum is the most famous and biggest building of Ancient Rome and it is also the biggest amphitheater in the World .
The name of this construction is related to two reasons : one reason is related to the dimensions of the building ; the second reason is because near there is a bronze statue .
In 1990 the Colosseum was put onto the list of the heritage of humanity by UNESCO , while in 2007 it was included among the new Seven Wonders of the World .
The arena could hold about 70000 seats and the arena was about 75 x 46 meters and about 50 meters high .
It was built between 70 and 74 a .
C.
And it was inaugurated in 80 a .
C.
The name Colosseum spread only in the Middle Ages . In ancient times it was used for gladiator shows and for other public shows .
Three Roman emperors built the Colosseum and they were Vespasian , Titus and Domitian .
The Colosse was often restored because it was often in difficult situations .
Finally , I can say that the Colosseum is a fantastic building as much for beauty as for importance , and if a tourist is coming to Italy for the first time he should see the Colosseum .
Dear Sir ,
I am writing with reference to the evening art course that I started last night .
I wish to express my dissatisfaction with this course .
The first lesson was about painting , but because of the lack of equipment , we could not paint .
There were not enough brushes and paints for all the students ,
perhaps because there were too many people and also , the more people there are , the more space we need and the room was too small .
We felt hot and we had no refreshment facilities .
Never have I seen such a lack of organization .
When we complained to the course teacher , we were told that things did not depend on him .
He was not helpful and was unpolite .
It was the first class , but as a teacher he could have had better behaviour .
I would like to learn on this art course , but you should solve the problems or improve them .
I look forward to hearing your views on this matter .
Yours faithfully ,
Ines Solorio
My perfect hotel would be near to the beach , on the Mediterranean coast , because in this area there are many tourists .
The hotel would be luxurious but everybody could come because the prices would be low , so the hotel would be always full . I think that many people want to go to a luxurious hotel but they ca n't .
The hotel would have many services and facilities , like a good reception , spa , wifi connection and pay - per - view TV in the rooms , a great chef who cooked the dishes of the Mediterranean cuisine , a swimming pool , a bar on the beach and a boat for trips around the Mediterranean sea .
I would like to hear the point of view of tourists to improve the hotel .
This is the hotel of my dreams , but the most important thing is that the people are happy in their accommodation . If they are happy they will return next year .
One day a friend of mine was going to an amateur theatre to see a musical and asked me if I fancied joining her ; I am not fond of musicals , but I went .
The performance turned out to be enjoyable , with a lot of witty jokes .
The acting was surprisingly emotional , but a bit wooden .
After the show , I was introduced to one of the actors , who was my friend 's cousin .
I wondered if he was planning to attend a drama school .
His answer astonished me ; he did not want to become a professional actor .
Moreover , he found being famous extremely irritating .
I , like most people , took for granted that celebrities not only seek fame , but also benefit from it .
They experience gracious living , enjoy glitzy parties and admire their photos in glossy magazines .
Anyway , that is only one side . What do we know about the flipside of fame ?
Do we often think what it means to live under constant public scrutiny ?
Every mistake the famous make is charged against them .
They can do nothing that ca n't be gossiped about .
They are not even allowed to have anything for their own .
Paparazzi make public their day - to - day routine , hobbies and passions .
When it turns out that all the people we got used to idolising are just people with their own shortcomings , we become disappointed .
We watch mercilessly how celebrities topple from their thrones and even find pleasure in that .
People , it does n't matter if they are famous or not , are just people .
Nobody is perfect .
Why do n't we want to give people entertaining us a chance to be themselves and to have a real private life ?
Hello Beatriz ,
I love MASTERCHEF .
It 's one of the best TV cooking programmes that I have ever seen and I absolutely agree with you when you say that this programme promotes individual and collective work .
I have a friend who went to MASTERCHEF and he taught the amateur cooks how to make bread .
He is a famous artisan baker who lives in my town .
He told me that it was an exciting experience .
I think that you give us a lot of information about the programme , and your opinion about it is very interesting .
I really like your review ! !
It all began on a rainy morning in July . School 's out for 10 days and , as a result of bad grades at school , Michael is forced to spend the summer with his hateful and rich cousins .
They are more beautiful and popular than him , all the girls are in love with them and all boys would pay to attend their parties , including Michael and his friends , who were always excluded .
" I would say stop the arrogance by my cousins " said Michael to his friends and thought about stealing the keys of one of their millionaire houses and having a party with his friends .
In the end , the party turned out a success . For Michael it was the beginning of his popularity .
But the house was destroyed and the neighbours , furred for the confusion caused during the night , had called the police , who , without his knowledge , were waiting outside the house to take him to the police station .
After everything that had happened , Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Dear Peter ,
I 'm very pleased to inform you that I will be your college for the next six months .
I 'll have plenty of time to do what I want , but I would like to spend my time doing the right things .
Can you help me ?
First of all , the first two months , I would like to find an English academy .
Improving my English is the best way to apply for a job .
I 've just finished my teaching degree and I have experience in schools . Could you send me a webpage where I can find more information about how to apply for a job in the UK ?
I think that it could be a great opportunity to improve my English skills and learn lots of things about the UK culture .
I 've copied my CV at the end of the letter and if you know somewhere where they need a native Spanish speaker , please , contact me .
I would like to save some money , and at the end of my UK experience , spend my time travelling around your country .
Is it interesting ?
Could you tell me the most important attractions around your city ?
Send me some tourist information if you have some .
If you have days off , I hope we can meet at the road and join me .
Have a nice weekend . Best wishes
Guillermo
Think about your family . Is it important to you ?
It should be , because it helped you to be what you are today !
As I am 13 years younger than my brother , our parents spend more time with me than with him .
While he is already working and sharing a house with his wife and his daughter , I need my mom and dad to live .
Now I have them almost just for me .
In a family , responsibilities increase with age . I have some , but not a lot .
Sometimes I have to take care of my little cousins or my niece and clean my bedroom . It 's not much .
Nowadays , environmental issues have become a great concern for scientists , as the problem is growing .
However , lay people seem not to worry about the issue very much .
What can people do every day to help the environment ?
People are not aware that a small change in their lives is of great help .
Water and electricity are wasted day after day , while a little change in people 's habits can make a difference .
Transport has always been a major problem .
If the bus was taken more often , instead of going by car , it would be of great help .
People have never taken into account that fact .
Another major problem is lack of recycling .
If people recycled , rubbish would be given a second use , and rubbish dumps would be shrunk .
All in all , it seems that if such tiny changes are made , a huge help to save natural resources will be done .
Decorating with phrasal verbs
First you must explode the old one and clean up the mess from the explosion . Second , paint the wall by yourself black paint until you pick up some of the painting skills , or you can use wallpaper . It 's very trendy and easy to put on the wall . The third step is , " of course " , going to buy furniture from Damietta . Here are some tips you can take . if you are single , then you can buy a big cozy purple sofa with many colorful cushions to throw all over the place , but if you are married ,
then let your wife make the decision . Finally , if you have broken up recently , then do n't do anything . Just light up your cigarette and hang out with your ex - girlfriend ,
okay , let us get back to the decorating .
Anna knew that it was going to be a very special day for her .
She just felt it in her bones .
She always believed in such premonitions .
Even though she had forgotten to turn on her alarm clock , she woke up at 7 sharp as she had wanted the day before .
The weather outside the window was totally different .
The sun was shining and birds were singing .
She made herself a cup of a very aromatic coffee and she did n't even burn the toast like usual !
She thought that this day would n't be ordinary .
Suddenly , she looked at the calendar on the fridge and realized that today was her birthday .
Moreover , the next day her party would be held .
She quickly packed her handbag and ran out to catch a bus to university .
At classes , everyone was very kind to her .
Peter brought her favourite chocolate and Kate made a special birthday card with a poem .
Anna got the best mark in the group from the previous test .
The last lecture was cancelled , so she was able to go shopping with her friends .
After some hours in a shopping centre , the girls were very happy .
When Anna got back home , she saw a huge bunch of red roses and Mark was sitting behind it .
She started to shout and cry , because she was very happy that her fiance had come from abroad one week earlier than he planned .
What a surprise !
That was the most happy day of Anna 's life .
Many people choose to go travelling to relax .
Going travelling , people may schedule various destinations and times .
People may want to discover different places in a city , town , even in an alley .
For the above reasons , car travel is the best choice .
Unlike public transportation , there is no limit on your route , no fixed timetable for car travel .
You can start your journey at any moment , any time .
You do n't have to wait until public transport arrives .
Your car is so good , you can go anywhere you want with your car , no matter which mountain , beach , or city it is .
Car travel makes people feel free during the journey .
There is no need to sit with strangers who may cause an awkward situation .
You can travel alone .
You can also travel with your pet .
Most of the time , pets are not allowed to be on public transportation , which is not a good thing for a pet owner .
Above all , car travel is not only convenient , but also free in your journey , which leads public transportation to a fading future .
The concept of beauty has changed since people started thinking they need to be thin to be pretty .
Sandrine has been a model for five years so far .
She has always looked for perfection .
Also , she has admitted she would do anything to have a perfect body .
However , she never imagined how dangerous this job could be .
Since Sandrine became a model , she has changed her diet .
It has been three years now since she stopped having lunch .
Sandrine always skips it because she thinks it is unnecessary if she wants to be thin .
Today , Sandrine fainted during a fashion show .
People were very worried about her .
Doctors said she had become an anorexic .
Sandrine realized modeling was a dangerous job , because it can make you change your mind about your own body and diets , and you could easily become ill without even knowing it .
Nowadays , it is painful that not too many people realize how degrading and dangerous this job can actually become .
I had never felt so nervous when , about six months ago , I finally decided to sit the First Certificate in English ( FCE ) exam .
The exam is organized by Cambridge ESOL and it takes place twice a year .
Because I had decided to take my exam in June , it was absolutely necessary to enrol in an English preparation course as soon as possible .
If I wanted to pass the exam , I had to improve my English skills .
So , I had started to learn English very frequently and pretty hard .
I have been learning English for the last six months .
I have studied English at least two hours a day and longer .
Very soon I had recognized that the process of learning was not as easy as I thought .
I had a lot of things to improve , such as writing and reading skills .
Moreover , I had many problems with English grammar .
I was pretty sure that a lot of work was waiting for me ahead .
But I am a really lucky person . I found a good teacher who supported me all the time . I also had some classmates who had the same aims as mine .
We met to study frequently .
We organized some additional activities , such as an English movies night , a one day trip to London , and a book discussion about English writers and poets .
Because we did n't live in any English speaking country , we tried as much as possible to create an English - speaking environment .
Today is a big day for me and my classmates .
Finally , we are taking the FCE exam .
I hope we will pass it , because we did our best .
I want to be an expert in such areas as drilling , exploitation and development of oilfields . That is why I want to get a master 's degree abroad , or a PhD at my university .
I think I have the appropriate background , my GPA is good enough .
Besides that , throughout my university education , I have been a participant at scientific conferences and I took pains to practically assimilate everything I had learnt during my studies .
For example , I have successfully completed the " Offshore Drilling " course of " Total " Professors Association and I mean to broaden my outlook in the future .
Hi , dear Isabel !
As you know , I just moved to a new town .
I love it here in Spain .
The town is not too big but still not too small .
I have already met many new kind people .
I think I will really like it here .
Of course , I miss you and all of my friends back in Sweden , but I will visit you guys soon !
Here there are lots of things to do , you can swim , go on a road trip , visit the zoo and go for a walk .
The main attraction here is absolutely the beach .
It 's a nice beach with white sand and blue water .
I love the beach , because I can swim , go sunbathing , and dive into the ocean and see all kinds of fish .
I hope everything is great back in Sweden . See you soon !
Hi David
How are you ?
Have you read any good magazine recently ? I 've just bought a new magazine called Coolclub , which only started a week ago .
Inside , there are really great photos and lots of articles about all our favourite singers and bands .
There 's going to be a competition for a month , with excellent prizes .
The magazine also has a letters page and they pay $ 25 for the most interesting letter or email .
I think I 'll try to write something funny , to win $ 25 .
Perhaps I 'll describe our journey by boat round the island .
Do you remember ?
You were taking a photo of me and I suddenly fell in the sea !
I laughed so much !
Write and tell me about the magazines you enjoy reading .
With love from Dimitri .
To : The organiser
From : Joonas Åberg
Subject : Opinion on what young people are interested in
Date : 27.10.2015
Here is the report you asked for about my opinion ,
about what young people are interested in today .
First of all , our generation of young people are more
open - minded and tolerant , in my opinion .
Music style and
clothes trends change very quickly .
Television series
or movies do not really change , young people watch old
shows and new ones by turns , so I can not say what TV
programmes young people like to watch .
Now , young people like different kinds of music , I think
pop and disco music are something all young people like .
Because this kind of music connects them at parties .
It soothes them , calms them , aggravates them , excites them .
That is why music is a very important thing about this festival .
Clothes is harder , as I said before , because fashion
changes swiftly .
Clothes need to be open and free , simple enough .
We all want to feel good in what we wear , I recommend hippy - style
clothes , not too hippy , but something comfortable .
Of course ,
it depends what season you 're holding the festival .
If it 's autumn and winter
time , then I suggest some other style . It has to be comfortable but
fashionable enough .
Maybe colorful and cool blankets in case someone gets
cold .
All in all , I think those tips will help you and I hope you will
give those people a good international festival .
Dear Mrs Ashby ,
With reference to your recent ad about weekend cafe work . I am interested in applying .
My name is Amy . I am a full - time housewife and looking for part - time work at weekends near my home .
I have been a full - time housewife for about ten years , since my children were born .
Cooking is part of my daily work , and is also one of my hobbies .
I enjoy cooking and am interested in different kinds of food , especially Asian cuisine .
I have experience of cooking and reception for parties / functions as I was a member of the School Parents Association of my children 's school .
As a member , on many occasions , such as Christmas Party and School Open Day , I had opportunities to learn about different kinds of food from other members as well as providing reception duties .
I really enjoyed answering parents ' enquiries and introducing them to our school .
These was invaluable and relevant experience for the job I am applying for .
Also , I am available to work for long hours at weekends .
It would be great if I could be selected for interview .
My mobile no . is 1234567 .
I look forward to receiving your reply .
Yours sincerely ,
Amy King
Whether movies and TV programs made in our own country are more interesting than movies and programs made in other countries has been widely discussed .
Many people are of the opinion that domestic movies and TV programs are better than foreign ones .
However , I strongly assert that movies and TV programs made in other countries are better for the following reasons .
To begin with , foreign movies and TV programs are more stimulating .
To elaborate , their stories are better , as there are more twists and turns in the plots .
Although the plots are full of twists , they are still very realistic and do not make their audience feel that the plots are very strange .
Moreover , the special effects are better because foreign movies usually cost much more money than domestic movies to make .
For example , in the first 3D movie , Avatar , the movie maker spent a lot of energy and time on developing a novel movie genre .
It eventually made a very good impression on its audience , and , most importantly for a commercial movie , it really did very well at the box office .
Additionally , people can learn more things from foreign TV programs and movies .
Watching foreign TV programs and movies , viewers can learn not only foreign languages but also about exotic cultures .
Furthermore , foreign TV programs are more international and educational .
For instance , we can find out a lot of foreign news from watching CNN .
The news on CNN includes events which are happening all over the world .
What 's more , the National Geographic and Discovery channels also teach me a lot of information and knowledge which I ca n't learn from domestic programs .
In contrast , some people consider that domestic films are more familiar than foreign ones .
They do not want to learn so much because they just watch movies for fun .
There is some truth in the claims that watching movies and TV programs is a relaxing activity .
However , I still consider that if people can learn some foreign culture , or appreciate the spirits which foreign films contain , they can get more reflection as recreating .
Plus , watching foreign programs also could help those people attain their goal -- relaxation .
In sum , although there are some dissenting views , one can still safely come to the conclusion that foreign films and TV programs are more interesting than domestic movies and TV programs .
Although movies in our own country are more popular than in the past , foreign movies still play important role in the domestic movie goer 's mind .
With an intense passion for fashion , I aspire to become a professional product merchandiser in the apparel industry and set up my own branding business with my older sister and her husband .
Both of whom have more than five years of experience in marketing planning and own a large number of fabric sources .
Therefore , I plan to maximize my previous experience with knowledge of psychology , product development skills and design , to pursue graduate studies , and build up my ability in the Master of Fine Arts program in fashion merchandising at Academy of Art University .
It is said that the main objective of television is to entertain people and make their free time happier .
However , television should n't be used only for this purpose but for different reasons .
On the one hand , most people have , at least , one television in their homes , so it is very accessible to everyone .
For this reason , instead of entertaining , television should offer educative programmes .
Nowadays , children spend more time at home than before .
They are used to managing different technologies like televisions or computers .
I think that children ca n't be supervised by their parents all the time because they have to work and do household tasks .
For this reason , it is important for them to have a good educative programme on television .
I am not saying that television has to educate our children , but it has to offer programmes which make them revise essential things like numbers or letters .
Television is very important for giving language skills to children .
When I was young , I used to watch television every afternoon to learn interesting things like geography or maths and it helped me a lot .
Television allowed me to learn how to speak Catalan correctly and it also gave me a good conversation topic to talk about with friends .
Food passion !
I really like to eat , when I can , in the pub near my house .
In this place , " Stella d'oro " , the owners prepare delicious rolls .
In particular , every week you can find " Il panino più " , a special roll created by the imagination of the cook .
Of course , I prefer to go to this pub with my family or with my friends , especially if I have something to celebrate , for example , birthdays , anniversaries or something else .
I remember when one of my daughters celebrated her eighteenth birthday , the pub 's owner put the number eighteen , made of cheese on a roll , with a little candle .
When I go there , I also drink a good mixed beer : half light beer and half red beer with a good flavor .
Of course , with the roll we also order a lot of chips .
If after are all that we are still hungry , we order cakes .
They have many different cakes : profiterols , meringata , tiramisù and so on .
Of course , if the six of us go together , it is quite expensive , but if I only go with my husband , I do n't spend so much .
I suggest everyone goes to this place because , not only is the food good , but also , the owners are very friendly .
The only problem is finding a parking space because this pub is in a narrow road where it is not easy to find a space to park a car .
But if you are lucky , you will be able to park .
Some people say that shopping is not always enjoyable .
Of course , spending hours in the shopping mall may be tiring .
But it can also be really relaxing and pleasant .
It is said that only men hate to go shopping .
Especially with their mothers , girlfriends or wives .
But women also think that shopping can be an unpleasant experience .
Particularly when we talk about everyday running from shop to shop to buy lettuce , meat or toothpaste .
It can be really frustrating .
But when we think about going to the shopping centre with our friends it can be fun . We do n't even have to have money , because we can just go and do window shopping .
Without spending money , we can get inspired by new collections or people that we see in the city .
I can understand people who say that shopping is boring .
Especially when we go from shop to shop but we ca n't find anything interesting .
And I do n't even want to think about the situation when we really need to buy something because of the coming pmor wedding .
But we can do online shopping , which seems to be easier sometimes .
It is good for people who do n't want to leave their homes or just do n't like the crowded shops .
We need shopping .
Even if we do n't have to do daily shopping because of our mother or somebody else , someday we will have to go out and buy something .
We also sometimes just need to get new clothes .
Generally , shopping can be seen as an enjoyable experience or just a basic need in order to survive .
The most famous person from my country is Mr. John Stefferson , who works in a department store and is always planning how to make people 's lives more comfortable and better .
He deserves to be famous because he has his own charity and helps poor families with little children .
Sometimes I listen to the radio and hear his comments about some problems in my own country and some suggestions about how to make our life better .
The doorbell rang .
When I opened the door , imagine my surprise .
There was a little cardboard box with my name on the top .
I picked it up off the ground .
I was just about to close the door , when I heard mum from the kitchen : " Who was it , Bryan ? "
" What is it ? " she asked .
I had absolutely no idea .
I started to open it very carefully .
There was a ticket for my favourite music band .
They had a concert that evening in New York .
I talked about it with Mum . "
Should I go if I do n't know who sent this to me ? "
She was surprisingly open to the thought that I could try it at least .
It was n't typical of her .
So I did it .
I was sitting and waiting in the concert hall .
The seats next to me were still empty .
Then it happened .
In the middle of the crowd was standing my mum , with my dad , who had just returned from the war .
I was absolutely excited .
It was the best night of my life .
UNEXPECTED VISIT
The door bell rang .
When I opened the door , imagine my surprise ...
There she was , standing in front of me .
I thought I was dreaming at first .
What the hell was she doing here ?
How dare she come to my door?There were no words to express my feelings ...
She 'd stolen my fiancee many years ago .
We 'd been preparing to get married .
I'd been in my country for a while since I need to apply for a visa for living in his country .
Suddenly , he 'd cut the connection between us .
I could n't get in touch with him whatever I did .
Every method I 'd tried was useless .
He 'd put up walls between us .
After a while , I 'd seen a picture on his Facebook page .
It was an engagement ring !
The words of congratulation below the picture explained everything : He 'd got married to someone else !
I could n't believe my eyes !
How come he 'd done that to me !
What happened to all those words he 'd said to me !
Asking him was useless .
All the answer I could get was a huge silence ...
I managed to keep calm though there was thunder inside my heart .
But I could n't speak anyway .
I just looked at her with asking eyes .
" He 's dead . " she said , as if she was whispering .
Her voice was weak and shaky .
" I found this in his office . "
Then she handed me a box and walked away .
Nothing more ...
Now , after all those long years have gone by full of pain , disappointments , missing and regrets ; all I have is the memories which were saved by him in a little wooden box .
I 've never found out the reason that made him leave me , despite all his love for me , unfortunately ...
People argue that today 's television is a load of rubbish . The quality of many programs is absolutely questionable and in many cases the language is vulgar .
There are several reasons why television has inherited this reputation .
First of all , the many repeats of all programs , like serials or films , do not motivate people to watch it .
Then , the large number of entertainment programs broadcast discourage those who want more cultural or factual programs , as they have been drastically reduced .
It seems to be a result of the fact that , after a long day , people prefer to unwind in front of the television , watching " entertainment programs " rather then news or what 's happening in the world .
Moreover , on television , there is a lot of advertising constantly interrupting the broadcast , and of course , this fact is very unpleasant .
Despite all these facts , it is without doubt that television has changed our lives .
There are also positive things that we have to take into consideration before condemning it .
For example , the wider choice of programs from all over the world allows us to discover new cultures , new languages and new societies without travelling , and this enhances our knowledge .
In addition to that , the cost of television as an entertainment form compared to the cinema , the theatre or opera is cheaper and affordable by everyone .
Also , it is very important to remember that we always have the possibility to choose what we want to watch and when .
To sum up , I think television is very good value for money . The point is being able to choose what we want to watch .
Famous people are exposed to criticism and public opinion , but what does it mean ?
Firstly , there are two kinds of famous people : those who want to have a private life and who do n't want everybody knowing each aspect of their lives , and those who sell certain parts of their lives in magazines , newspapers or TV programmes , or even their entire private lives .
Secondly , taking this into account , I think that everybody has the right to have a private life and the right to live without journalists following them everywhere .
It 's true that their lives are too exposed and they can not have a normal life .
Of course , they can control that by complaining in a court .
Thirdly , in my opinion , they have the right also to sell only the parts of their lives they want .
But in contrast , there is the problem of when they should stop , and journalists continue selling information or pictures and an embarrassing moment could arrive and , if you have sold things like this before , you ca n't say anything .
To summarize , I believe that everybody deserves to have a private life .
When it does n't occur , they have to go to court .
Dear Jo ,
It is absolutely rewarding to receive good news from an old friend who has been absent from my life for so long .
I would be so happy to provide you with some accommodation while you stay in my country .
I am currently working at a place where I am getting a great wage , so I have the possibility to accompany you on your journey .
We could go to the most representative places in Mexico , such as Templo mayor , Cancún , Acapulco , among many others .
In Mexico , a foreign person does not face difficulties getting hired by a company . I would be pleased to help you with this part of your experience in my country . I know that you are someone who loves animals ,
perhaps we could go to the city zoo in order to find out whether there are any vacancies that suit you ?
Something I can do is to do some research into places that need people who speak English fluently .
As you know , in this country , if you are someone who speaks more than 1 language , you have the chance of getting a great job .
Please let me know if you need anything extra while you are here .
Maybe a special diet , special clothes or any kind of thing you might need that will not be easy to find here .
Best regards ,
Luis
I did wrestling at college .
This was during my first year at college .
This sport is done in pairs .
It is done one after the other according to their age groups .
Wrestling is a new sport which was unknown to many of my classmates at college .
It is done by both boys and girls .
Wrestling is done during the nighttime when the moon is out .
Wrestling is done by two people while others wait for their turn .
It starts with drumming and singing by young girls from the community .
This is where all the beautiful girls are shown to the young men of the community .
It is another way of admiring girls .
Wrestling is both an interesting and an entertaining sport .
Traditionally , we provide a fire as a means of light at night for the sport .
It takes place in the middle of the village where there is enough space for the spectators .
Before the contest starts .
Referee advises players about the rules of the game .
As such , the referee explains the rules of the game through their captains , e.g. Health and Safety .
The game starts with dancing and singing .
Refreshments are on sale at a discounted price for the visiting team .
This is a sport done by young people only .
The rationale for the college is : to educate the student about our culture , rituals , values and our ways of life in the village .
First of all , I lived in London for three weeks in 2012 .
I am a teacher in a high school and the authorities in my country let me stay there , improving my English .
I would like to say that learning any language is complicated for anyone , wherever you come from , but , in my opinion , there are many matters to discuss .
A good illustration of this would be children .
A child whose parents come from different countries is able to learn two languages at the same time . This child does n't need to go abroad to learn a foreign language , because they are listening to their parents speaking English , their native language , all the time and this lets them learn without any difficulty .
On the other hand , if you go abroad you will be able to improve your English in an anglophone country . In this case , your knowledge will be reinforced by your stay there .
To sum up , if you want to learn English , you do n't need to go abroad . You can improve your English by working hard in your own country , for example , by doing exercises like listening and writing , or you can meet with native people who speak English to practise with them .
But if you have an opportunity to go abroad , it would be so good for you and your English .
Since graduation , I have been employed by AECOM Asia Ltd Co. as a graduate engineer since September 2013 .
I was assigned to work on a project of CLP Power Hong Kong Ltd under agreement of Term Geotechnical Consultancies .
I assisted the project engineer with Engineer Inspection for Maintenance .
Regular maintenance is essential for all man - made slopes to avoid deterioration .
We are working on those slopes near power station or pylon .
The maintenance responsibility of those slopes belongs to CLP Power Hong Kong Ltd.
Before inspection , I need to take the course which is conducted by CLPP for the access permit .
The course is mainly on workplace safety within power stations .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
My name is Eleonora Palerma , I am 17 years old and I live in a city in northern Italy called Seregno .
I am writing to apply for the job of summer camp assistant which I saw advertised in the " Daily mail " .
Apart from studying at the high school " Marie Curie " in Meda , I sing in a choir as a soprano and my director would be pleased to speak for me if you would like to contact him to get further information .
I am keen on sports , especially volleyball , which I started playing at an early age , and I suppose I would be able to teach them how to play it and to organise a tournament .
I think I would be a suitable candidate for the job because I am used to looking after my neighbours ' children and I have recently attended a course about first aid so I would be ready to treat children if they get injured .
In addition to my native language , I can speak German as well as English . In fact , I am attending a first certificate course now and last year I spent 2 months in Berlin . My German teacher would be happy to receive your call to tell you more about my language experience .
If it is necessary , I would be willing to come for an interview at any time .
I hope you will consider my application .
Yours faithfully ,
Eleonora Palerma
these are the references Mr Zandonella at 334 123456 and Mrs Malvicini at 3dG1QIup9c@libero.it
They are more than willing to reply to your questions .
In my opinion , the home of the future wo n't change much .
It still has to have the same elements , like roof , walls , floor , ceiling , basement , loft , door and windows .
Construction will be improved .
However the general appearance wo n't be different .
However , I think , that all the systems which work in homes ( electricity , gas , heating system , water , etc . ) will be upgraded .
New technologies are going to seize architecture .
Though it will affect the environment in a good way .
I think that the home of the future will be huge , but single - storey .
For one reason - convenience .
Nobody likes stairs and lifts .
The next thing is big windows .
It is the most important element in the home of the future .
Huge , bulletproof windows are my biggest dream . I could n't live without them .
Apart from that , every room will be full of interactive gadgets .
Owing to that , people wo n't need to meet and talk .
Roger O'keefe , 83 years old , is being referred to your care for further assistance .
He is now recovering from Malignant Melanoma on his left shoulder .
He was admitted into our care on 16/03/07 and underwent surgery .
Since his discharge from the hospital , we have been doing our daily home visit and wound dressing and also assisting him with his showering .
Mr Keefe 's general condition has improved .
His wound is healing well and is free from complications .
Mr Keffe , who lives with his wife in a housing commission home , is an old - age pensioner with no children .
On observation , they are getting some help from their neighbors . However , they are having problems keeping up their household routine .
As per the doctor 's order , we have organized daily home visit until 4/7/08 after which our nursing care will end .
Therefore , it would be greatly appreciated if you could organize a home visit and provide further assistance for this family .
Should you have any questions , please do not hesitate to contact me .
Yours sincerely ,
Melody Varela
Dear students ,
Welcome in the city of Hasselt .
I wish you a wonderful time in my hometown .
Hasselt offers a wide range of interesting activities and has a lot of places of interest .
What you really can not miss is the big shopping street .
Hasselt is famous for its great shopping facilities .
You will find all different types of shops .
Hasselt has it all , from museums and shops with the latest fashion , to shops with local products , such as gingerbread and gin .
If you are getting tired from wandering through all the streets and alleys , you can always go and have a pleasant drink in one of the many little cafés in the market square .
In the evening , when all the day trippers are gone , the city wakes up again and all the bars re - open .
You should really have a taste of Hasselt 's dazzling nightlife .
Kind regards , Wouter .
THE MOST INTERESTING WEEKEND OF MY LIFE
I had always believed that the best memories of life were when you meet new people , new places , going out with your friends , sunbathing on the beach , things like that .
These are beautiful moments , but now I reckon that there is n't anything more interesting than having all your family together talking about whole background .
Surprising stories that we will not ever imagine .
My family is n't so close and is distributed around many cities in my country . After some incidents in the past , many things changed and each family followed their own way .
However , my siblings and I decided to set up a big surprise for my father for his 50th birthday .
We tried to contact as many family members as we could .
It was a perfect weekend because there was a holiday on the Monday .
We rented a wonderful place outside our city with a spectacular atmosphere .
It was the most interesting and astonishing weekend that I have ever experienced .
Firstly , to see father 's face when he saw all the people .
For a long time I had n't seen my father so happy . Secondly , seeing how big the family is now , with so many children .
Everything was amazing , a lot of memories . We laughed a lot , we did many activities like bbq , table games , watching movies , swimming , among others .
Now I believe that the best moments in life are when you have time with your family . It is the best way to recharge your battery for everything .
Many times we pay more attention to other things . It can do it in many opportunities .
Family is one , and we do n't know when we could lose them .
In my opinion , travelling by car is more convenient than travelling by public transport because you can choose where you want to go and the time you prefer to start your trip .
Travelling around the city by car is faster than on public transport .
If I won the lottery , I would buy an electric car because you can you park in the center of the town .
And when you want to move around your city , if you go by car , most of the time you ca n't park your car because there are very few car parks in cities .
Sometimes , public transport is useful because you can use it when you want to go to a party and you will probably drink some wine , beer , etc .
If you would like to go somewhere fast , do n't use public transport , because it is very slow .
The problem with using our cars instead of public transport is pollution .
If everyone used public transport , climate change would not increase more .
Hi Conie ,
How are you ?
I 've seen your letter and I 'm writing this to you to say what I do in my country to help save the environment .
At my school , I do n't do that much because there are just five of us that are worried about the world .
We tried to convince the Headmaster to help us financially , but it was n't enough .
At home , I convinced my family to recycle and reuse the water that we ca n't drink , to give to our plants .
Now , what do you do at your school and at your home ?
Tell me . I 'm curious .
See you
Francisco
Indroduction
The aim of this report is to outline what are the best places for young people to have fun in Valencia , what facilities exist for them and how these could be made better .
Activities around the city
My city , Valencia , is a touristic city situated by the sea .
Young people can enjoy going to the cinema in the city center after having some " tapas " and some drinks .
Also , it would be a good idea to go to the beach to spend the day and play volleyball or sunbathe , because this is always a good plan .
Valencia , has different areas to go out in the evening , but some of them require ID , so if you are younger than 18 , it will be difficult to get in .
Also , you can go to eat " Paella " and ride around the " Albufera " of Valencia in a small boat .
However , the art and science museum could be the most enjoyable plan .
Other activities in the surroundings .
In addition , I suggest going by bus around the surroundings of the city , where you can do adventure sports , like canoeing , climbing or just walking around the mountains and enjoying the countryside
Recommendations
I recommend that they should do both activities , Valencia city and also the surroundings .
Maybe I could check if I can bring you some free tickets for public transport .
It would be great !
My family aand I like to watch movies all the time .
We are always going to the cinema to watch a new one .
My favourite kinds of movie are comedy and comedy drama because they have interesting plots and characters , someone and who watches comedy can laugh all the time .
While someone is watching this kind of movie , he / she is just relaxing and having a good time .
Now I will further develop our last statement .
As Lloyd Cohen ( the Director of the Worldwide Market Analysis ) said , playing the lottery is not economically irrational and uninformed .
He presents a theory in which buying lottery tickets is not a misguided input into wealth production as some critics believe , but a valuable input into creating a sense of possibility of escaping from one 's current life by acquiring wealth .
It is certainly true that people who play are almost certain to lose money .
Cohen 's knowledge is that playing the lottery is not automatically irrational .
Some people like to calculate the gain or loss from buying the lottery but other people that can afford a dollar ticket now prefer to keep their dreams .
People do n't invest the money they spend on lottery tickets .
They spend it and get those dreams in return .
Though this has been an amusing debate , we the affirmative side , on the weight of our argument and proof , have concluded that the lottery should n't be banned in the US and Spain , because it is a tradition , it gives help , hope and support to public entities and it must be a rational investment .
Hello dear Ben ,
I received your letter yesterday .
Sorry for my late answer .
I hope my suggestions will help you .
Our city has only one airport .
First of all , you should find the entrance of the airport .
Then you should know that there will be two kinds of transport .
Taxi is the first possibility .
It 's the quickest way to come to my home but at the same time it 's more expensive .
Also , you can use the bus .
You should write me the exact time of your plane arrival .
Then I 'll write back the timetable of bus arrivals .
It might be the more boring way to my home but I like it for the price .
When you hear the bus stop Ploshad Truda , you should get off the bus and I 'll meet you at that bus stop .
In my opinion , the weather is better today than yesterday .
But it has been raining for four days .
So it would be very good if you brought a warm coat and an umbrella .
Hoping to see you soon ,
your friend , Semyon .
Report :
The swimming pool in Brunete has customers from all age groups , but it is especially suitable both for young people and elderly people who want to improve their mobility .
The building has two changing rooms , for men and women .
Several bathrooms are available with cold and hot water in them and a 25-metre - long heated pool .
As far as I am concerned , there are some pros and cons about the use of the swimming pool .
On the one hand , everything is very clean , including floor , bathrooms and corridors . In addition , if you are a disabled person , you will not have any trouble getting in there because there are some ramps to help you go in .
On the other hand , you will have to pay 45 euros a month to use the facilities , and besides , you will not be able to do exercises because there is not any gym inside the building .
In my opinion , the swimming pool is convenient because you can walk to swim if you live in town , but it is very expensive , particularly for young people .
I suggest that prices should be lower than they currently are .
Famous people have always been surrounded by a lot of journalists and paparazzi who follow them wherever they go .
Those people could be politicians , film stars , singers , football players and so on , living in constant stress because they can not have a " normal " life , and , from my point of view , that 's normal because they live for this , they are public people and , because of this , they have to keep calm and carry on with it .
Therefore , most of these famous people complain about this , but it is logical that all the media , television , radio and journalists are constantly devoting every minute of the day to them , because people are interested in them , in knowing what they are doing every second , in knowing who they are with , in knowing what they like or do n't like , their hobbies , in short , in knowing everything about them .
In conclusion , being famous is really difficult and frustrating as well , but , in contrast , they earn a lot of money and they are loved by so many people , though they have to accept some critics , because not everybody has to love them .
I do agree with the statement that shopping is not always enjoyable .
When we need to buy something , we mostly choose shopping centres .
A shopping centre has many disadvantages .
It 's a large space with a lot of shops , so we need a lot of time to visit all of them .
After a few hours , we are so tired , that we do not have the strength to do anything else .
Besides , in the shopping centres there 's loud , energetic music played all the time and a crowd of people , so we arrive home with a huge headache .
Money is another reason why we do not always enjoy shopping .
We live in a time of acquisitiveness and people buy many things , even if they ca n't afford them .
Of course , people usually do not need all of those things .
This behaviour causes a moral hangover and a spiral of credit .
The times in which we live are conducive to addictions .
In the long run , people addicted to shopping do not enjoy this ritual anymore - they do it just because they have to , although they have no money and no space at home for all those things they buy .
I think we should learn to buy only things we really need and we can afford .
Sometimes , it 's better to visit some small shops than big centres .
This should help us enjoy shopping .
Public transport is the future .
Today in big cities , public transport is necessary for tourists , students , children and workers ; but the situation is very different in small cities .
In Italy there are few cities with an underground and often in the smaller cities there are only buses .
A good public transport system is the sign of a civilized city . In this way there are fewer cars , so less traffic .
Public transport also reduces the cars ' pollution and saves fuel .
I hope for the next generations for a better public transport service and an increase of its use .
Thanks to this new life style , our cities will be more liveable .
I get up at 6:15am .
I brush my teeth and brush my curly hair .
At 6:20 I open my laptop , go to Youtube.com and start to study French with Mrs .
Alexa Giordano every morning .
I write down new French vocabulary or grammar in my notebook .
Around 7:15am , I take a shower and get dressed . , I usually wear jeans and T - shirts .
I pack my backpack , pick up my garbage bag and look around my room for one last time to make sure I have n't forgotten anything . I go downstairs and put the garbage bag into the trash bin .
I go to the garage to get my motorbike .
It takes me about 30 minutes to drive to my company . It depends if the traffic 's good .
As usual , I buy a coffee and breakfast on the way . I can have bread or sweet potato for my daily breakfast .
When I 'm at work , I check my emails and reply if it is urgent and write down " to do lists " .
I have lunch at 12 pm .
I have many choices for lunch , but I prefer Hu Tieu or Pho .
I come back to work at 1 pm and go home at 5 pm .
I go to my art class from 6:20pm to 9 pm on Tuesday and Thursday evenings .
The other evenings , I stay at home and read books , or do some English exercises to improve my English skills .
On the weekend , I wake up at 6:15am , but I get up at 7 am . I still study French with Mrs Alexa as usual . Saturday afternoon I hang out with my boyfriend . We go to the cinema or the coffee shop .
Sometimes , we meet our mutual friends and have dinner with them .
I often tidy my room and do the washing on Sunday morning .
In the afternoon , I do my art exercises or read books .
I always go to sleep at 10 pm .
Hello Mark !
Sorry for my late reply .
You should n't spend so much time watching television because it is n't healthy .
Actually , I do n't watch much television , because I do n't have much free time , but if I had it , I think I would watch more .
Now that I 'm on holidays , I watch more TV , especially some series like Criminal Investigation or The Mentalist .
They are really good !
To relax , I usually read , listen to music , go to the cinema , hang out with friends , go shopping , ride a bike or swim .
What do you do to relax , besides watching TV ?
Hope to hear from you soon ,
Inês .
The reasons for Greece 's terrible economic situation are that Greece has surrendered its currency sovereignty to the European Central Bank , so that Greece could not apply monetary policy to spur its economy , and the Greek government is very corrupt , so that Greeks could easily dodge taxes .
In contrast , in Taiwan , we have our own currency and the government is efficient and well - organized .
Clearly , Taiwan will not be the next Greece .
Monetary policy could be a very useful short term financial tool for a government to stimulate its worsening economy , and , from empirical experience , many countries have successfully applied such policy .
In 2012 , the Japanese central bank unprecedentedly depreciated the Yuan , which has obviously improved its exports and recovered its economy from stagnation .
Obviously , Taiwan has its own currency , the new Taiwan dollar , and if Taiwan 's economy was worsening someday , the Taiwanese government could simply mimic what the Japanese government did in 2012 .
Not only is Taiwan different from Greece in currency sovereignty , it also wins in government efficiency .
According to a global survey , Taiwan has a reputation for effectiveness , in which the Taiwan government has legislated severe laws to prevent corruption .
Therefore , the Taiwanese have to pay taxes by regulation and do not dare to evade taxes .
Without a doubt , the efficiency of the Taiwanese government is beneficial to people 's welfare .
All in all , Taiwan has currency sovereignty and is well - known for its effectiveness .
Therefore , Taiwan could not be sunk like Greece .
As a country , Taiwan has to stick to its ordinary path to create a lovely and healthy environment for its citizens .
Once upon a time , there was a mason called Nick who had a family of four , two sons and his wife , but they had conflicts about their children 's studies , and because the money he earned was not enough to maintain the whole family they lived in poverty .
His kids dreamed of a big house that had a pool , a third floor , a Jacuzzi and a beautiful view to the beach . They also wanted to have a dog . If they had one , it would be called Winy .
They told every dream to their dad , and they knew he would enforce it even though , under the circumstances , it seemed to be impossible , he would try .
Next week a cousin that he did not know . He was a very rich man and when he found out about their problem , he decided to help , so he gave them an incentive .
He said that if Nick built a house with two floors , he would buy it and pay for the children 's studies lifelong , which gave a reverse to the impossible .
Nick started making the plans for the house . From that moment , he trended to get to his house and immediately drag the plans and continue working . When he finished the plans after months of working on them , he started to bring it to life . The house would be made of wood because he could not pay for more .
After months of working on the house , he finished , and his cousin gave him a bonus reward of one million dollars to start with , buying a big house with everything they wanted .
The kids started going to a private school .
When they reached eighteen , they could get a good job because of their good education .
They could give a good life to their families and also have a dog called Winy . And all this thanks to the rich man that nobody knew .
The pie chart shows the principal causes which explain why agricultural lands become less productive , whereas the table correlates these causes with three different regions of the world which had land degraded , namely North America , Europe and Oceania , during the 1990s .
Overall , it is clear that the main causes of land degradation were deforestation and over - grazing .
These causes also had a negative impact on two regions that were analysed , in Europe and Oceania , and , consequently , these areas had higher rates in terms of total land degraded .
A closer look at the pie chart reveals that over - grazing was the most significant reason why land was so degraded , with the highest percentage of 35% .
This was followed by deforestation , with 30% , while over - cultivation had 28% .
Finally , 7% could be explained by other reasons .
It may be explained by the fact that there was an excess of chemicals in the agricultural activity .
This also needs to be compared to the table .
Not surprisingly , these causes played an important role when we talk about the percentage of land which was affected by these causes , particularly in Europe and Oceania .
In the first case , Europe had the highest percentage of land degraded by deforestation and over - cultivation , 9.8% and 7.7% respectively .
This had a great impact on total land degraded as Europe was more affected , with a total of 23% .
On the other hand , Oceania had the highest land degraded rate at 11.3% because of over - grazing , which also contributed to having 13% of land degraded .
By contrast , in general , North America had the lowest rates for deforestation and over - grazing , with 0.2% and 1.5% respectively .
For this reason , this region presented the lowest percentage of land degraded , with only 5% .
There are many famous buildings in Guangzhou .
One of them is Canton Tower .
If you travel to Guangzhou , you must n't miss this series because it is a symbol of Guangzhou .
Canton Tower is located at the intersection of Guangzhou New city Central Axes and the Pearl River .
It is the tallest tower in China and the third tallest tower in the world .
The height of the tower is 600 metres , with 450 metres of main body and 150 metres of antenna .
The tower has a special name called ' slim waist ' because the shape of it is twisted .
We can see a different view of the tower from different angles .
This is not only a sightseeing building , but also has a lot of recreational facilities .
For example , the tower has a 4D cinema , the highest revolving restaurant , and so on .
Cantonese people always spend their holidays with their children here .
Do you want to go to have a look after reading my introduction ?
Trust me , you will not regret it .
ARE YOUR FAMILY MEMBERS YOUR BEST FRIENDS ?
First , I must say that I do n't consider that my family members are my best friends , not only because they have other problems to care about , but also because I do n't know how to tell them my problems .
However , we consider a friend a person you can have fun with , laugh with and meet . I 'm used to doing that with my parents and my brothers , but it 's not the same as when I meet my best friends .
Moreover , I think that I would n't ask them to have what we call a " therapy moment " as I do with my best friends when I 'm worried about something or someone . In fact , I would n't know how to start telling them about that .
Some teenagers have the good fortune to be open - minded and they know how to speak with their parents and it 's a good way to solve problems .
I think that I should have more confidence in my family and remember that they wo n't leave me because of something I have done in the way my best friends could do .
In my town , there is no future for public transport , because the time necessary to get to the city centre is the same walking or going by bus .
Travelling by bus is expensive , boring and annoying .
The route makes many stops in different places , so the way on the map is a mess .
It is like that on all days , except Sunday .
On Sunday , the bus does n't work until 3 p.m.
From that time , there is only one service every hour , until 10 p.m. Any one of these 7 buses takes less than a half hour to get to the city centre , in spite of the fact that Sunday has no traffic jams .
Buses are slow and noisy , and when you can get off of them , you are tired and angry , and you are probably not on time .
It is much more convenient if you walk to the city centre .
The town is not a big city , so the air is not very dirty .
At the same time , you can get fit by walking approximately 30 or 40 minutes , and you will not have a problem with parking your car .
You will spend the same time travelling by bus or walking , but the difference is getting angry or not .
Transportation is a means of movement from one geographical location to another by any means of transport .
We have different means of transport .
They are transport by land , by air , by sea and by train .
We know in the olden days how our forefathers suffered in their movement .
If a person wanted to travel from Kano to Lagos he had no choice but to trek .
Therefore , it was not easy back then for anybody to use other means because there were none .
Now , there are many means of transportation .
Technology brought about lots of development in transportation .
We can travel by air using aircraft ; aeroplane , helicopter etc .
Unlike before , we have big ships to use on the sea .
The train is also a very useful means of transportation and very economical .
I believe that technology has really improve our means of our transport .
So , whoever wants to star a journey has several choices of transport , either by sea , by air , by land or on foot .
I must not forget to talk about cars , lorries and other vehicles .
They are very useful and speedy .
Thanks .
Just like a fish in the water
Swimming is my favourite sport in the world . I started it when I was five years old . I really enjoy it , I feel that the water is my place in the word . I feel free .
Although I have taken part in many competitions , there was one which was the most enjoyable experience of my life .
I had to swim in the Parana river with all the swimmers and coaches .
First , when I was on the starting line , I felt I could not finish the competition . Then , when we were in the water the coaches did not stop encouraging us so it was easy to swim to the finishing line . I was so excited to see our families waiting for us , clapping and shouting loudly every time one of us arrived .
If you are interested in taking part in this sport , I would suggest buying all the equipment you will need : a comfortable swimsuit , goggles and a huge bag to keep them .
Status : Popular
' The moment of realisation hits you like a ton of bricks , leaving you with a life full of regret and guilt '
His whole life , he only wished for one thing , and that was to be popular .
Her name was Sara .
Michael had always seen her in the hallways , smiling and laughing .
Anywhere she went , she was always surrounded by a handful of students .
People were attracted to her quite easily , and often , they would find themselves adoring and admiring her .
Although she was n't pretty , she had an aura of importance .
Her presence was felt .
She was popular but not proud , and that made her even more likable by all .
All but one - Michael .
Whenever , he saw her , he felt pain .
The pain of jealousy .
A fire of hatred burnt his heart whenever he heard her gleeful laughter .
All his life , he had only wished to be popular but his dream of popularity had been long ago snatched by a girl .
That girl , who had once been his best friend .
That girl who had left him in time of need .
That girl who had done nothing but harm to him .
She was Sara .
His long lost best friend Sara .
That night had changed their lives .
Both of their lives .
In every way , in every form .
An innocent dare made by Sara , which led Michael to walk in the path of wrong .
A dare to prove .
Courage can change lives .
He was isolated .
Abandoned by his friends .
All was a façade .
They had all worn masks .
Everyone , even his own Sara .
He had been wrong .
All along he was wrong .
They had n't isolated him , he had .
They had n't abandoned him , neither had they distanced themselves from him .
He had distanced himself from them .
His Sara was there , all along she was there for him .
In the first place , she never left him .
She had always wanted to be with him but he had closed the door to her .
Yet , she waited , hoping he would realise she would always be there for him .
Tears were streaming down his face . Stinging his eyes .
He deserved it .
Every bit of pain .
He had been blinded by rage .
All these years .
His selfishness stood in the way .
His delusions had drifted him away from her .
He had made such a huge mistake .
No tears or apologies would make a less culprit .
No one should forgive him for what he did .
No one .
Right now , he has the one thing he always wished for - popularity , but only now does he realise , that it was meaningless , pointless .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Each and every colour glows in the dark giving hope in the darkness .
In this essay , I am going to discuss whether building a bypass around our town is beneficial to our community or not .
One of the advantages pointed out by local politicians in the meeting was that this bypass would lower the rate of air pollution around town , which I strongly agree with , because the extra traffic caused by the passing cars added to the vehicles used by the locals causes massive smog in the atmosphere , not to mention being terribly bad for the health of the walking and cycling citizens , especially young children and babies .
Another important point is that this bypass would improve the traffic in the town center .
Mostly from 7 to 8 am and 3 to 4 pm , when people go to and finish work . That is when we get the most awful traffic jams , sometimes it takes an hour to get from A to B in town , which is a terribly long time , not to mention parents who have to take their children to school , nursery and then get to work , too .
On the other hand , the bypass might cause a drastic drop in tourism in the town .
However , it is also true to say that people who are actually interested in historical sites would visit the town anyway .
All in all , I would say the bypass would be more of a disadvantage than an advantage , because it would cut us off from people and the town would receive less funding if it 's less important .
Local politicians should focus on sustainability , using vehicles which do not harm the environment .
On the 4th of April I met a group called Emblem3 .
Because I did n't find any tickets for the concert in London , I bought one for the concert in Birmingham .
I booked the ticket nearly a month before the event .
The day before , I started to freak out thinking that I was going to meet them .
As well as the ticket for the concert , I bought a VIP ticket as well , so I had to go to Birmingham before , because the entry to the venue was at 17:00 and , as I live close to London , I had to leave at about 12:00 so I would n't have to rush .
I got to Birmingham at 14:00 , I think , and then , as I 'd never been to Birmingham , I had to look for the 02 Academy , where the event was taking place .
When I arrived there , I queued in the VIP queue .
At 17:00 they let us into the venue and they carried out all the checks .
After 30 minutes , the acoustic performance started , which lasted for about 15 minutes . Afterwards , we took pictures .
When everybody had taken their photos , Emblem3 went backstage to get ready for the concert and after one hour it started .
I left the arena at midnight and I went to an hotel that I had already booked online .
On the day after , I went back home .
It was the best day of my life .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
My name is Maria and I saw your advertisement and am interested in the job .
On the one hand , I am studying to be a PE teacher , so I know how to organise activities for young people , such as fishing or doing a sport .
I'm good at entertaining . What is more , I really enjoy working with children since they are very active and willing to do any kind of activities .
You also mentioned that I would need to work in the kitchens .
I can also add that I know how to cook for lots of people .
For all the reasons I mentioned before , I think I am the right person for this job .
I look forward to receiving your answer .
Yours Faithfully ,
Maria
It 's true that commuting to work is n't as convenient as going to work by car .
That 's the reason why more people prefer to spend more time stuck in traffic listening to songs instead of waiting a long time to take a bus which is usually crowded .
On top of that , taking a bus wo n't necessarily mean that you will save time , because both buses and cars wo n't be able to move in the rush hour .
Besides , a car gives you more freedom and flexibility to set your own schedule , while public transport limits you to a timetable that does not always meet your needs .
After cars prevailed among the public , our governments have tried to pave rough roads , which encourages people to use cars even more .
Nowadays , it might be argued if the current transportation system will work in the future like it does in the present , while there is a still plenty of room for public transportation remaining as a significant method .
This essay will offer a couple of points about whether public transportation will still be with us or if it will disappear completely .
For a start , the convenience for us for travelling around would probably be one of the main arguments .
In some countries , the amount of transportation such as trains is not sufficient , which forces people to use private cars .
However , it is also true that there are always minors who have no choice but to take public transport and also , for their parents , it is definitely more reliable .
What is also important is the impact on the environment , which is already considerably damaged by human technology .
If a car which emits no serious global - warming gases were developed , there would be no argument that people had better reduce their use of cars . Yet , as long as we are manufacturing them , we can not find more eco - friendly and efficient modes of transport than public transportation .
In conclusion , it is my belief that it is not possible for public transport to disappear in the future , even though travelling by car is more convenient than travelling by just trains or buses .
But as with car development , our governments might have to make some progress on public transport to encourage citizens to be more eco - friendly .
All of the world is constantly changing - we develop new technologies , people invent new things .
But why ?
To make life easier . People always want to make their life better .
Why not ?
I think that the home of the future will be different than now , but the main function of the home wo n't change , because for ages home has been a place where people can feel safe .
Everybody thinks that home is a refuge .
In my opinion , homes in the future will be similar to today 's houses .
There will always be a kitchen , because we must eat , there will always be a bathroom - you know why .
And in the home there will always be a room to sleep and relax .
Homes in the future may be more modern and safe .
Everywhere , there will be cameras and motion sensors .
Kitchens will be better equipped , maybe with smart appliances , and people who ca n't cook will prepare the meal by themselves .
Maybe in the future homes will be self - cleaning and we wo n't need to clean up .
I think that the differences between homes now and homes in the future will be small .
Personally , I think houses in the future will not be cosy , but very sterile . I do not like that .
Home should be associated with family , happiness .
Not with cold and spacious rooms .
I think the statement is somewhat true .
Travelling by car is getting more convenient .
Traffic accidents , the main problem of car travel , will be solved by self - driving technology .
Although driving by car is less safe than using public transport at present , driving will be safe .
However , there is also a problem .
Having a car costs a lot of money .
Using public transport is cheaper than having a car , especially living in urban areas .
The second problem may be solved by car - sharing .
If one wants to go somewhere , one can use a shared car which is parked in a designated area .
By this method , people have to pay a small fee to use a car , not much money like having a car .
If car - sharing and self - driving technology are mixed , it will be much more convenient than both the conventional public transport and travelling by car .
People can go anywhere they want to go from anywhere .
People do n't have to own their car , paying a lot of money .
It will be a new kind of public transport .
All my life I have practiced sports , but definitely , my favorite sport is squash .
I started to play it when I was ten years old .
I had never played a raquet sport before , so I was very excited to hit the small black ball with my racket .
Three times a week I played , then I went more often .
The first year , I went to a tournament in Torreon and I won first place . During the first 3 years , I ranked in the first 10 places in Mexico , but then I had to reduce my practices because I had a problem with my knees .
Playing squash is an awesome activity and is easy to learn . I love that this game is very fast and you do a lot of exercise .
The bad news is that in Mexico it is not very common , so it 's a little bit difficult to find a court and it is expensive , the price per hour is $ 150 pesos , more or less .
For someone new to this sport , I would recommended being patient and constant in training , because practice is what will make you better and help to improve your level . And , finally , always enjoy the game .
He had always been free .
Never had any serious relationship .
The longest was at primary school . It lasted 2 days , because her mother could cook the finest biscuits ever tasted .
Now he was 35 and he was still keeping on smiling at the news of his colleagues ' and friends ' marriages .
He was so cynical that he turned out to be very nasty and unpopular .
Love lasts two and a half a years , he kept reminding himself .
Sooner or later , married people will get divorced .
Look at me , he said , I 'm free .
No one is happier than me .
Then , one day , he met a girl on the train . She was n't that beautiful , but she had , you know , that smile , so peaceful , so harmonious .
It was love at first sight .
They started talking , complaining about the train being late , and after two hours they were still chatting .
They laughed so much that they both forgot to get off at the right stop .
The poor pair had gone too far and now they had to go back .
It was n't a problem .
They had a lot of fun .
Finally , he arrived .
He said hello to the girl , smiling .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Nowadays , everybody has one or more cars . As a consequence of that , some people believe that public transport is going to disappear .
There are several reasons to believe that . Firstly , many people are influenced by the advertising , which mixes happiness with driving cars and makes people think that public transport is not as smart an option as cars .
Secondly , it is not enjoyable to wait for the bus or the underground .
On the other hand , there are a number of reasons against the end of public transport .
For example , you should take public transport instead of a car because it produces less pollution .
In addition , public transport is cheap because buying a car means spending a fortune and in big cities where people are concerned about the environment , such as Amsterdam or Tokyo , there are many facilities like mobile phone apps or special offers .
To sum up , no one knows the future . However , I believe that travelling on public transport is as convenient as by car or more so , because it is good to save money and to reduce pollution .
" There is no future for public transport because travelling by car is so much more convenient "
In my opinion , fewer people are travelling by public transport and have started to buy their own cars , which are more comfortable to use whether you are in a hurry or not .
In the first place , you feel more comfortable in your own car than on a bus , for example . You do n't need to be afraid that someone could suddenly steal your purse and you do n't have to listen to others when you travel in your car .
Studies have shown that your self - esteem and feelings of protection increase when you are a car driver .
You do n't have to tolerate being in a crowded place with people you do n't know .
Saving some money and buying a car is the best thing you can do .
In the second place , not all public transport is in the best shape .
Some public vehicles are dirty and smell .
If you have your own car , these things do n't bother you anymore because you wash your car anytime you want .
In conclusion , travelling by car is far better than using public transport .
TORREBLASCOPEDRO , 5 AUGUST , 2014
Dear Sir ,
Through your job posting , I 'm informed that you are looking for a person to work in summer camps USA .
I would like to inform you that I 'm interested in this job .
I love children . I have already worked with them . It was a wonderful experience .
I 'm very hardworking and a fun person .
My level of English is very good . Today I 'm studying and working hard to improve .
I would like to work in this job because I think that I could do it very well and I could amuse the children .
If you hire me , you wo n't regret it .
Yours faithfully ,
ANA DEL MERINO PALOMINO .
Dear Paul !
Thanks for your e - mail and photos !
They are amazing !
I 'm very glad you enjoyed your holidays .
Spain must be really incredible !
I 'm writing to you to tell you about the U2 concert , which took place in " Spodek " arena in Katowice last month .
I must admit that this is my favourite band .
I 've always wanted to see them live and finally my dreams came true .
The best of it was that I saw them really close , because of my dad 's work .
As you know , he works for a security company called Solid Safety and he was appointed to be a bodyguard to Bono !
Can you imagine my reaction when he told me about it ?
Of course , then he handed two " Staff " tickets to me .
These tickets allow you to get into the VIP zone .
I invited my classmate Sally and we went to the concert together .
We were so excited when we went in .
Before the show we were helping with installing the sound equipment .
During the concert , we were standing in the backstage area .
Where could be better ? !
After the last song , my dad took us to Bono 's room .
He was signing autographs and chatting with fans .
I will never forget it .
My dad even took a photo of us with him .
I must say , he is much more handsome live than on the TV .
That 's all for now , but I will write more when I find my feet ! I will appreciate my dad 's work forever .
Give my regards to your parents !
Love , Lisa
Hello ,
I 'm sending this email to get some information because I 'm interested in studying at your university .
I'm Yousef Naser Bishara . I 'm from Saudi Arabia , and I 'm 26 years old .
I've been in the United States for two years .
I'm supported by the government of Saudi Arabia and the scholarship will cover the tuition and everything related to my studies .
I graduated in 2010 , majoring in accounting , with a degree having an accumulated GPA of 2.49 out of 5 . Since I came here , I have been so ambitious that I will be getting my high studies as soon as I finish studying English . It turned out that I have to jump through a lot of hoops in order to overcome these obstacles which I believe are an ordinary requirement for getting a master 's degree for foreign students .
In addition , there are recent statistics that show that a very high percentage of Saudi Arabian students who come to America to do their master 's degree could n't get into university due to some requirements , for instance , GRE , G MAT , or even because their GPA did n't meet the university conditions .
In fact , I do n't want to be one of those student who ca n't accomplish their dream and have to go back to their home . I 'm willing to do whatever it takes to get into your university .
I would like to have the orientation material to increase my chances of getting into university and I will do my best to get very high grades in order to increase my GPA when it 's added to my transcript . To sum up , what I 'm looking for is to take a preparation class in business to be included in the final accumulated GPA .
Finally , I believe that it it a great opportunity to study in the United States and to improve my education and my lifestyle .
Besides , I 'm an eager , mature student , wanting to study a for master 's degree at your university and I 'm looking forward to getting a response and your recommendations .
Yours sincerely ,
I am forty - nine years old and I am quite crazy , so I make a lot of mistakes .
In this essay I will comment on one of the last mistakes that I made and its consequences .
First , I want to focus your attention on the fact that , normally , mistakes have no importance , because all things have fix and , if they have not fix why do you worry ?
On the last trip , I parked my car in the airport car park , it has many storeys with different signs .
Every storey has a colored sign ; red , orange , green , blue and an intermediate color between red and orange and that was my confusion .
I left my car on the storey with the orange color , but when , some days later , I looked for my car I did it on the storey with the intermediate color .
I knew that my car was on site number one hundred and thirty five , but the car was not there .
I spent quite a lot of time thinking and when I had decided go to the police , I passed in front of the orange sign and finally I found my car .
Dear Thomas
How are you ?
I 'm excited about seeing you .
The weather here is sunny so I recommend you to bring summer clothes . It is sad that you are only coming for one week , but we will enjoy ourselves a lot .
It is just 5 minutes from the airport to my house .
When you come out onto the road you need to go straight until you reach a restaurant . Then you must go to the left where you will find a big square with swings and slides .
Finally , you will see a big red house with lots of windows .
You will not regret coming to Spain .
See you soon .
Recently , studying online has become a very popular alternative way to study .
Although it provides students with lots of advantages , not everything is as good as it sounds .
First of all , studying online does not allow students to ask teachers questions .
How can they solve their problems if there is a lack of student - teacher interaction ?
What is more , these kinds of students are between eighteen and twenty - two , when they need to socialise and interact with other students to enjoy their free time .
This is impossible if they study online , which means that their only classmate is the computer or the laptop they use .
However , this method of studying is cheaper than the usual way , and it also can be completely free , which is a big advantage .
Moreover , it allows you to study at your own rhythm without thinking about the rest .
For these reasons , I prefer the usual way to studying online .
Nevertheless , I can understand people who choose the second option .
It is up to you !
No Future for public transport :
Nowadays , people want to travel at their own conveyance using their own car , bike , scooter or something like that .
Everyone wants to have a stressless / happy journey , whether it is for a long journey or not .
It is really realistic too , because we all want to save time and wish for a happy journey .
Now , let me tell you the scenario of public transport .
First of all , we always need to wait for it and it runs according to the scheduled timetable only .
In winter , it is fine . We can adjust to the crowd , but if we talk about the summer season , we can not adjust when we are travelling in a suffocating environment .
We need to book tickets in advance if we are planning to go via public transport , because again , there is the issue of availability of seats .
I live in Trieste , a very beautiful city , but this city has a big problem : it has a lot of cars , more cars than inhabitants .
Of course , it 's an exaggeration , but I say this to affirm that in this city the number of the cars is very high .
By the way , the public transport is not so convenient , because at certain hours you can not find a bus .
In our city , the buses stop at midnight .
Also , the ticket price is not cheap .
Another problem with the buses is that if you take one during certain times , it 's impossible to find a place free to sit down .
So travelling by bus is not convenient , not only in terms of time , but also because of the problems that you can have .
The other issue is that Trieste is situated near Slovenia , where the price of petrol is cheaper than in Italy , so a great number of inhabitants of our city prefer to fill up their car directly in Slovenia , where they can find much more competitive prices .
My father lives in Pordenone and he sells cars .
He wants to convince me to use alternative means of transport , but having seen the price of this ecological vehicle , I think that I 'll buy one of them only if the price becomes
lower .
Currently , people are thinking about whether they can learn good English in my country or whether they have to move to an English - speaking country .
And after that , it depends on the personality , status ( single , engaged or married ) , and even the ages of people , whether they will decide to study in their own country or go abroad to learn English .
On the one hand , studying abroad is a great opportunity , especially for young people .
They usually go abroad because they do n't have so many responsibilities . It just prepares them for their professional future .
But they can only afford it by working as an au pair , waiter , kitchen porter or porter , because these jobs include accommodation , normal wages and you do n't need a high level of English .
On the other hand , you might find yourself getting homesick .
Of course , you leave a lot of things , such as your family , friends , foods , places , own things , etc . , and nobody can put up with being very far away from all these things .
Moreover , people in their mid-30s do not usually leave their country and try to learn a new language from are living .
This way is cheap as well and they do n't have to change everything in their life to achieve this aim .
In addition , at this age , people normally have more responsibilities , maybe children , mortgage , partner , etc .
In my opinion , the best way to learn a language really well is living in the same country where people speak it .
So , do n't hesitate and move to a new country , in which you do not only learn language , but a different culture and lifestyle too .
Trapagaran , environmentally friendly
The purpose of this report is to explain that my town has become more aware of the need to take care of the countryside .
Since 2010 , my town has tried to include some changes to boost the town .
Recycling is the solution
In the last five years , many new bins have been installed near all neighbourhoods .
There are four types of rubbish skip .
One of these bins is destined for plastics , another one is for wood and paper , the third one is a bottle bank and the last one is for batteries .
This one is very important because it contaminates so much .
Apart from that , there are other containers focused on every type of object .
For instance , clothes , shoes , toys , electronic devices , etc .
More green areas
This town has not only focused on recycling , it has also promoted green areas .
Because of that , 5 new parks has been created recently .
These are a great place where families have a good time while they enjoy the countryside .
Moreover , residents have become more conscious after they have read the leaflets which explain the importance of respecting the environment .
Conclusion
I really think that it is necessary to make people conscious of the importance of saving the planet .
In addition , more people would help if they could recycle easily .
Dear Mrs Ashby ,
I am writing to you about the job offer for work in Green Pepper Cafe .
I would like to apply for this vacancy because I think I have most of the requirements that you are asking for .
First of all , cooking has been my passion for ages .
I enjoy learning new recipes and I try to find different flavours and sensations when cooking .
That is why I am looking for a job where I could have the chance to combine my love of cooking with my job .
I worked for more than six years in a supermarket as well , so that is why I am accustomed to dealing with customers and coping with difficult people in a busy environment .
It is not necessary to say I am able to work to a cafe schedule . I have experience working shift days and weekends .
I would be glad if I could have an interview to give you more details about my work experience , my skills or whatever you need to ask me .
Yours sincerely
If you are looking for an enjoyable shopping day , Madrid is the best choice .
Madrid is one of the most famous shopping cities in the world !
In Madrid , you can find clothes by the best designers , such as Carolina Herrera , Dior and so on ...
But do n't be afraid if your budget is quite limited , because we have some places where you can find great collections at 50% off .
So , if you prefer saving money and looking fine , you have to visit our outlet , where you can find all that you are looking for .
The best of all is that you wo n't have to go far because you can find all these shops in the center of Madrid .
If you want more information , just contact us .
Nowadays , people 's lives are undergoing an unexpected change all because of globalization .
In the past , people had to manage their time so they could go to work , take care of their children and maybe also study .
Globalization started in the 20 's , so a huge proportion of the population has experienced this change . In my opinion , it is kind of good .
Now , people can interact with other people from other countries by texting , Facebook or Whatsapp .
The need for exporting and importing items has increased in the last 10 years . Consequently , the life of the people has been raised in rapid response .
Everyone needs an instant answer to what they are asking . If they send an email , you must reply to it in less than 1 minute .
Personal contact shows a decrease in this time , because people do n't want to face their real problems . Instead , they can see all the problems happening in the world on their smartphones .
In the future , people will communicate via their computers , cellphones , and tablets , and this kind of technology will lead us to a lonely life .
Nowadays , we already have things like smart phones , which can do nearly everything we want to .
And we have some other media gadgets .
But will people 's lives really change so dramatically in the next 50 years ?
In my opinion they wo n't .
I 'm of the opinion that people 's lives wo n't change dramatically in the next 50 years .
Of course , there will be some more electronic things like some new mobile phones with functions we could not expect right now , and there will be some other gadgets .
But if we speak of the change of people 's lives , there have to be some more dramatic things .
A point would be , that normal people are able to fly to the moon or something , or if there would be people living on Mars .
But I think that this is something we wo n't be able to do .
Not even in 50 years .
To put it in a nutshell , we could say that our global world will be more electronic , and there will be more gadgets , but that wo n't change our lives dramatically .
Hi Brother ,
I 've been thinking about what you said to me last week .
It 's true that we do n't pay attention to our grandma .
She loves us and she always looks after us when Mum and Dad ca n't do it .
I believe that we haven't ever thanked her for what she did and does for us .
Because of that , I 've had the idea of giving her a present .
You agree with me , do n't you ?
Yesterday , I saw a nice present for her in the new mall in Jerez , called AreaSur .
It was an amazing gold watch .
It seemed not to be very expensive and was luxury and lovely .
I think that a clock would be useful as well as necessary for her .
What do you think about buying it for her ?
If you do n't think the same as me , you can choose another present , I wo n't have any problem with that .
Anyway , we should go to the mall together and there we will make the final decision .
We can go by bus .
You only have to walk along the road opposite our house and you will arrive at the bus station .
Then take the third line and two stops later you will arrive at the mall .
I will see you there and I 'll guide you in the mall .
I hope to see you soon , Brother .
Send me an email when you 're able to go shopping .
Quique
What 's the safest transport in the world ?
And the most comfortable ?
In my opinion , any transport is completely safe . However , people say the plane is the safest mode of transport .
And maybe the car is the most comfortable .
It is true that both have advantages and disadvantages .
Travelling by car can be enjoyable , dangerous and relaxing . I know this is a contradiction , but I can explain it .
Relaxing because you can travel by yourself , with friends and with your family .
When you make a long trip , you can travel without pressure .
If you are tired , you can stop at a petrol station or at a restaurant to relax , and if there are more passengers in the car , you can swap with them , so you will feel less tired .
Even travelling by car , in my opinion , has a lot of problems .
Some disadvantages could be :
- Gasoline is too expensive
- There are n't enough parking spaces and they are very expensive . For example , when you travel to Madrid , it is impossible to find a free parking space .
- Often you can be involved in city traffic jams , especially in the rush hour .
This situation is only present in Caceres when it is a rainy day , but in other cities , like Madrid and Barcelona , it is a daily situation .
I think driving can be dangerous because people must respect speed limits , and not every time that it is .
People do n't wear their seatbelts , use phones , and there are even people who drink when they are going to drive .
All these bad practices can make them have an accident and other innocent people are in danger .
Every holiday , the DGT in Spain launch an awareness campaign to remind us about good manners when we are driving .
On the other hand , travelling by plane , people say , is safer than travelling on other modes of transport .
I do n't make sure this affirmation .
I 'm afraid to travel by plane .
I hate the moment when the plane is taking off , and when it is touching down .
I 'm afraid and that started when I was travelling to Mexico on my honeymoon .
At that time , there was a tropical storm , and the turbulence was horrible ; but a not time I have stopped travelling by plane .
I know it is the best option when you want to travel abroad .
It is true , that planes are very expensive , but at least I have never been unable to book a cheap ticket .
I look for the perfect offer , but in summer it is impossible to find it .
To sum up , all kinds of transport have positive and negative aspects , but depending on our needs , we use one or another .
For example , there are a lot of countries where the bike is the main mode of transport , like in Belgium .
I remember there were kilometres and kilometres of cycle lane . In contrast to here in Spain , where few cities , like Madrid or Barcelona , strengthen their use .
I do not agree with the statement .
This is simple , because not everyone has a private vehicle .
Also , because of the gap between upper class and lower class people .
Public transport is one part of social development .
It will make people feel comfortable .
The bar chart shows the projected sales of jeans of Mango Co. and Jack&Jones Co.
Next year in Turkey
we can see the number of projected sales of jeans of Jack&Jones Co. will be at 450 thousand pairs next Jan , it will be higher than the number of the projected sales of jeans of Mango Co. ; about 300 thousand pairs . Then the number of Jack&Jones Co. will drop to 250 thousand pairs in Feb next year .
After this fall , the number of Jack&Jones Co. will rise gradually to hit a peak at 90 thousand pairs in Dec.
The projected sales of khan 's of Mango Co. next year will begin at 150 thousand o pairs then it will go down a little bit in Feb .
The number of Mango Co. will grow steadily from May to July next year . It will remain at 500 thousand pairs for four months then achieve the highest number of about 600 thousand pairs in this period .
The pie chart illustrates the projected market share of Mango Co. , Jack&Jones Co. and other companies for jeans at the end of next year . Jack&Jones Co. will get 30% of the projected market share in jeans , Mango Co. take 20% of it .
However , others companies will dominate half of the projected market share in jeans next year .
A very different morning
The doorbell rang .
When I opened the door , imagine my surprise . There was a small present left on the ground .
I looked around but no one was there . "
Hmm ...
Is that present for me ?
" I asked myself quietly .
Besides , I was not sure whether I should pick it up .
I looked around one more time but still I did n't see anyone .
As it was quite early in the morning , there was just silence everywhere .
I sat down in my kitchen and put the present on the table .
But before opening it I decided to make a cup of green tea to calm down a bit as I felt quite nervous .
While the water was boiling , a lot of different thoughts came into my head : " I do n't have a birthday today and there are a few more months until Christmas ... What could be the reason for such a nice present wrapped in pink paper ?
Maybe someone wishes to make some little surprise for me , does n't he ? " " OK , let 's open it !
" I encouraged myself .
Oh , if you only knew - that present made my day !
When I opened it I found there my favourite chocolate with a very cute ' Thank you ' letter .
I got it from my neighbour and he was just so thankful for my help tidying up his garden the week before .
Actually I love receiving presents .
They colour the world , they lift you up !
And there is a truth : the more you give , the more you get back !
Although many people believe that our lives are getting better than they were 20 years ago , scientists have proved that , if we carry on with our way of living , using , for instance , modern technology , we will lose control of our lives .
Technology has reached a point where we need to do anything in order to achieve something .
To support this idea , a study was conducted 6 months ago .
The study tried to explain people 's reaction to different resources .
People were given the task of writing a piece of writing of their choice using resources already provided by the institution in charge .
Firstly , they were given 5 books about different subjects .
Out of 20 tested people , 17 managed to write their composition within an hour .
Secondly , keeping the main task , they were given a tablet with wireless connection to use instead of books .
This time the study showed that all of the participants managed to write their essays in less than 30 minutes .
The objective of this study was to see how people adapted to new technologies and how our cultural roots are being forgotten .
Thus , this study concluded that in around 50 years from now , people will work , eat , shower and even live without leaving their homes .
If technology is leading to those kinds of consequences , we should start to understand how to use technology properly without needing to eliminate it .
Dear Sir ,
My name is Montserrat Márquez , I am 23 years old and I am really interested in the advertisement I saw the other day about working on summer camps in the USA . I have worked before but in my home town , Mexico city , and I think I would be a perfect candidate for this job .
As a matter of fact , I have been camping since I was 6 years old , and for this reason , I started working on summer camps when I was 18 years old .
I am a suitable person for the job because I am used to working with children of all ages , but I prefer to play with kids between 8 and 12 years old . Also , I am always trying to improve different activities to avoid getting bored , and I do not mind working in other areas of the camp .
To sum up , I would like to work with you , and I can promise you will not regret it . I hope to hear from you soon .
Yours faithfully ,
Montserrat Márquez
It 's nice that you finally decided to come to visit me .
I promise you will not regret coming , everything here is wonderful and there are many places we can go to visit .
It 's easy to get to my apartment from the airport . You can take a taxi and tell the driver to take you to Powder Street , and when you get there , just call me and I will come there . My apartment is not far from that street .
It 's cheaper to travel by bus , but it is not very safe , so you need to take a taxi . It is a bit more expensive , but is much safer .
The weather is changing . In the morning there are high winds , in the afternoon it is sunny , and in the night it is very cold .
You should bring nice but durable clothes .
I 'll wait here , and I really want to see you .
Have a good trip .
See you soon .
If you want to become an artist or politician , you must be ready for journalists following you all the time .
I suppose that sometimes celebrities enjoys people gossipping about them .
And of course , unknown actors call for some attention .
In my opinion they are also people like we are . They have their own life ,
and that is why I do n't understand why is it so important for people to know what happens to a celebrity ?
I think it is not so joyfully , when you wake up and see a camera 's flash !
Also , when you spend time with your boyfriend or girlfriend , you know that someone is taking a photo of you .
In my opinion , each person , whether celebrity or not , deserves his own private life .
Am I right ?
WAYS TO TAKE CARE OF THE ENVIRONMENT
Introduction
The aim of this report is to inform you about the ways in which my village carries out measures to look after the environment .
For this , we will analyse several aspects , such as what local residents do with rubbish and how Lanjarón tries to keep the area clean and makes it attractive to people .
Recycling : The best way to deal with the rubbish
Nowadays , there is more and more rubbish because of the huge amount of packaging used to wrap products and the increase in consumption .
In Lanjarón , as in the rest of the villages and towns , people are getting used to buying and consuming much more than they used to do in the past .
However , in recent years my village has been promoting ways for people to get rid of rubbish in an environmentally - friendly way .
A number of recycling bins have been placed around the village and citizens are being encouraged to attend several ongoing courses to raise their awareness of the importance of recycling .
For these reasons , what people usually do with their rubbish in their daily routine is to sort it and put it in the correct bin .
Keeping the village clean and attractive
Lanjarón is one of the most touristy villages in the region of La Alpujarra ; therefore , it is very important for both the council and the local residents to keep the village clean .
To achieve this , the council organises different environmental activities for the citizens to take part in .
For instance , every month there is a competition where participants have to clean and pick rubbish up from different areas of the village .
At the end of the competition , those whose area is cleanest and most attractive receive an award .
Conclusion
We have to bear in mind how important the environment is to us .
If we were all aware of this and did something to help it in our daily routines , the planet would thank us for this .
There are two opposing opinions about military service .
On one hand , some people think military service should be mandatory .
Others consider that military service is unnecessary and should be voluntary .
First of all , there is absolutely no safety in the modern world .
There are different dangers of a military nature , such as terrorist attacks , wars and other armed conflicts .
Therefore , compulsory service in the army gives special military knowledge , which helps the population to protect their country during a military conflict .
As a result , there are more chances to overcome the conflict with minimum human losses .
Secondly , mandatory military service can develop the character of a person , making it stronger .
More specifically , it allows for understanding of teamwork , develops organizational skills and practises discipline .
Moreover , it can educate young people to be more self - reliant , because the majority of teenagers at the age of 18 do not know how to be independent from their parents .
However , the critics claim that obligatory military service is a waste of time and has a negative impact .
For example , it is difficult to find a good job or go to university after military service , because during the one or two years of service , soldiers do not develop any knowledge except military knowledge .
Also , the time spent serving in the army can uproot or separate families or friends .
Another big problem is that military service is dangerous and has a risk .
There are different physical exercises that can be harmful to health .
Besides , there are accidents , which can happen with guns or weapons , such as explosions and accidents .
Furthermore , there are hazing acts in the army .
It means that soldiers who have already served some time , bully and beat up new recruits for fun .
These acts often turn out to be tragic , having a long post - traumatic effect on the young person or even loss of life .
Army years often have an impact on the whole family , especially in the case of bullying or the possibility of being sent to a warzone .
Finally , this is a very complex topic and both opinions have advantages and disadvantages , but it can be seen that the military situation is unstable in the world .
This means that people need to know how to protect themselves and military services is a good way for them to learn .
I prefer to eat at home
Firstly , the food I make for myself is more reliable than the food that is made in restaurants .
Because I do n't know what kinds of ingredients the restaurant used .
Also , the food I make for myself is much healthier .
Because all of the restaurants want to earn money , so they will just use cheap and unhealthy ingredients to cook the food .
But if I make my own food , of course , I wo n't use any kind of unhealthy ingredients .
So the food I make with my own hands is safer than any other food that is made in restaurants .
And also , homemade food has a better quality than low - price restaurants .
Secondly , it 's much cheaper to eat at home , because restaurants want to earn money .
So you can save lots of money if you cook at home .
Some people think cooking for themselves is too annoying or tiring , so they go out to eat .
But actually , if you cook a lot , you can use your energy , so you can reduce your weight .
Also , if you cook three times a day , your cooking ability will increase .
Thirdly , eating at home is more comfortable .
When people are surrounded by strangers , people all think they are watching them so they ca n't do this or that .
But if you eat at home , you do n't need to be concerned that somebody will look at you opening your mouth too wide or talking too loud .
Also , a restaurant does n't know how much you can eat , so sometimes , they give you so little food you do n't get full .
Or sometimes they give you too much food so you have to throw it away .
And as you know , throwing food away is a bad habit which makes our planet , Earth , polluted .
Fourthly , you wo n't have to waste your time going out to find a restaurant and coming back home .
And sometimes , if there are a lot of customers , you have to wait for the chef to cook others ' food first . You can save time if you eat at home .
Fifthly , we can have a family time while eating .
Of course , it does n't mean that you ca n't talk with family members when you eat out .
But if you eat at home with your family , you can have a joke while preparing dishes or talk about your own private things .
Because you do not feel free to talk about anything outside , because the people at the next table might hear what you are talking about .
So , by having a family time while eating at home , you can have a talk and be a much closer family .
Because of these kinds of advantages and reasons , I prefer to eat at home .
To sum up , the fundamental characteristic of social media is the design of a " Virtual profile " . It takes time to maintain connections between links and friends and be part of groups . These connections will have negative effects , especially on psychological well - being .
This outcome , along with several studies , suggests reasonable use of networking media .
However , it is also likely that people 's lives , such as loneliness and depression , might explain the effects that social media can have .
Furthermore , it is also possible that , in the future , people will be a subject responses , posts and chat rooms , in which there is awareness of wrong vocabulary , poor routines and compulsive use .
In contrast , one positive aspect of social media relates to the education area , in which knowledge , the expansion of ideas , and the discovery of different ways of learning will contribute to the community .
Some people claim that life will change a lot in the next five decades , but , how will it change ?
On the one hand , we have technology .
Technology has developed really fast in the last twenty years , so it 's expected to develop the same way in the next fifty years .
Cell phones are a great example of this evolution .
Fifteen years ago , cell phones did n't have music or a camera , while nowadays they have cameras with high definition and you can download a lot of music .
On the other hand , we have transport .
Right now , people are starting to buy hydraulic cars which are more eco - friendly and cheaper because you do n't need to spend money on gas .
Based on this , we can assume that this kind of car will be the only one on the streets fifty years from now .
Science will also change .
Every aspect of science will evolve . For example , new medical discoveries will be made by doctors .
Chemistry may have the chance in the next fifty years to confirm their theories about the existence of atoms .
To sum up , I believe that people 's lives will change a lot because everything will evolve .
I 'm a teenager and I like to watch movies , like other teenagers .
My favourite kinds are comedies , detective stories and love stories .
I mostly like comedies because they create my mood and put me in high spirits .
They help me to develop and to see the world from a different perspective .
People like to watch movies , because it 's a fun pastime and it replaces books for lazy people .
Many people think living in the countryside provides a better way of life .
Most of us think it 's a great idea , but is it better than our comfortable life in the city ?
Would we live better without technology ?
As we know , the countryside has no pollution compared to big towns , because there are n't cars , lorries , mopeds or any other motor vehicles .
If we lived there , we would eat healthier food with no chemicals , which is good .
On the other hand , technology makes our life easier .
We can get information , chat with friends or even order food instantly over the Internet . However , unfortunately , we do n't have it in the countryside .
I agree with people who think they would have no problem leaving their lives and starting a new job on a farm just to be in touch with nature .
However , I think humans have evolved and we are very happy with technology and the Internet .
There is no doubt that using your private car is much more comfortable & convenient for any person .
Your car represents a kind of luxury & comfort , which is clearly illustrated during driving or travelling long distances , as long as you have a comfortable seat with a certain personal space .
Moreover , you can control your driving speed as fast or slow according to your mood , and so , you own your time .
In addition to that , you can have a rest during the journey .
Even after your arrival , you will have your own car to go here & there quickly & freely whenever you like , so you have a flexible schedule .
Furthermore , you are not accompanied by some silly passengers or difficult people during your trip as you will relish your trip with some adorable friends , nice family members or close colleagues that you have chosen .
Besides , the presence of a car during a trip is very important for coping with the different conditions and environments you face during the journey .
On the other hand , public transport has now become unhygienic , as lots of people are crowded into a small and enclosed area , and so , a lot of breath & air droplets are easily propagated in this enclosed space , and consequently , you are more susceptible to the various contagious diseases , especially in the winter season when respiratory tract infections flourish , e.g. colds & flu .
Furthermore , your actions and movements are limited by the schedule and the route of the mode of transport you are taking .
And so you do n't own your time to do what you want whenever you like , although this is your leisure , your free time , which means a time of relaxation & meditation .
No more alarms or noisy alerts are required during this important and pleasant period of time .
My town is one of the cleanest towns in my country . The authorities have arranged many procedures to ensure that the town stays clean at the same time as being environmentally friendly .
As a first step to keep the environment clean and healthy , the garbage needs to be separated into 3 categories . That is why the environment department decided to give each house three recycling bins ; one for food and green garbage , one only for paper and cardboard , and the last for the rest .
Another handy rule has been introduced , which is that plastic and glass need to be thrown in different bins that are available for public usage in each supermarket center . In these , people can find these bins at easy locations available everywhere .
All the previous steps and more are being applied by my town 's citizens in order to improve the environment and go together with all the procedures that help them live a happy , healthy life .
There should be a future for public transport .
It is more important than ever for everyone to think before using their own car .
Firstly , we have a big issue in global warming . We can not deny that we have more and more extreme weather around the globe due to greenhouse gases .
We are damaging our planet .
Secondly , we all know the fossil fuels we mainly run our vehicles on will not last forever .
We are using up our vital resources at a fast pace .
We are used to just turning the lights or air - conditioning on when we do n't really need them .
It is exactly the same for driving cars .
A lot of us just turn on the engine of our cars without considering walking up to the bus stop .
The public transport system in the UK has so many problems to solve .
The fares are high compared to other European countries and the fare system is complicated .
The punctuality of trains needs to be greatly improved , too .
In my opinion , we need to save a future for public transport for our future and it is vital to reduce the use of private cars . Travelling by car is more convenient , but with improved public transport , we need to reduce the use of cars .
That is our responsibility to future generations .
All in one - come and watch
Have you ever been asked to make a decision and choose only one thing out of many that you really like ?
I am sure you have .
And then you always wonder what would have happened if you had chosen the alternative .
Maybe you just missed something really special ...
You do not particularly like that feeling , do you ?
There is a group of young people who decided once that it is ridiculous to choose if you can have all in one - do you want to meet them ?
Actually , you will have a chance soon .
The Red Dragon Theatre Group is coming to our town next week .
They will bring a lot of good sense of humour , music , dance , and anything you can think of that should appear on stage .
Their main concern is to make you think , laugh , maybe cry a bit , but above all , to give you a great time .
I bet you will love them at first sight .
To cut a long story short - you must not miss this event !
The group is going to perform in The Globe theatre and they have promised to meet your expectations .
The choice is obvious this time ...
Simply , come and watch .
' Gravity ' is an outstanding , brilliant , sci - fi film , directed by Alfonso Cuaron , starring George Clooney and Sandra Bullock .
This amazing film is about two people from a crew of astronauts sent out in space to launch the ' HUBBLE ' telescope .
Soon , one of them is informed that an asteroid hit a satellite and created debris which is heading for the Shuttle where the two astronauts are .
Eventually , the debris hits the Shuttle and thus more debris is created which follows the orbit of Earth and moved around it at a very high speed .
The damage which the impact of the debris caused to the Shuttle are catastrophic !
All of the crew but two are killed .
To survive , the astronauts have to get to the International Space Station , which is very far away from them .
Moving to the ISS , one of them loses his life and , so , only one of the crew remains alive fighting for survival .
After a long sequence of events , the remaining astronaut first gets to the ISS , then , with a Russian spacecraft , moves on to a Chinese space station called TIANGONG .
And so , the astronaut launches the escape pod and gets home !
Her struggle for survival turns out to be successful !
" Gravity " is indeed a great film and moreover , I myself recommend it to you , students .
My hometown , Piliyandala , is probably the smallest town in Colombo district and provides shelter for more than 100,000 people .
The town has approximately 15 villages and all of them are governed by the urban council .
The garbage control service is one of the main supporting subsidiaries of the urban council , which was founded two years ago .
Five years ago , the town did n't have any garbage control services to manage the domestic rubbish .
With this garbage control system , household waste is collected on a weekly basis and transported to recycling centers .
The recycling centers sort this garbage and it is put into different categories to be recycled . Categorized garbage is then transported to the recycling process in the nearest factory .
Two years ago , the council started a wastebasket distribution program among the villages , with the intention of easing the garbage collection process .
With this approach , it is very convenient for the workers who are employed in the garbage control service , because they can collect all the garbage of a village from one place .
Meanwhile , the urban council strongly discourage the use of plastic products and other artificial materials for the sake of our own cleanliness .
Villages , on the other hand , are doing their best to reduce the amount of domestic waste .
Nowadays , lots of people are discussing the problems of life in the next 50 years . In 50 years ,
surely , science and technology will
progress , and this could have some pros and cons .
I think that in 50 years the public transport will be more efficient .
Planes , trains and buses will be faster and maybe , thanks to the progress of technology , we will be able to beam - up everywhere .
Also , thanks to the progress of medicine , we will achieve some important goals .
Doctors will also be able to cure lethal diseases .
This will be a great achievement !
Face - to - face communication , for example , will lose its importance . All the communication will be virtual . People will speak only on social networks .
I think that this will be tragic ! Also , all relationships and friendships will be virtual , and that is absurd .
We will become robots , no longer people !
Hello Harry ,
Everything is going great !
What about you ?
I 'm so pleased you 're waiting for me .
You asked me what time I would arrive .
According to the schedule , the train arrives on platform # 5 of Central Station at 9 am .
Hope you wo n't get stuck in the morning jam .
Then what about my appearance ?
With this letter I 'll send you a new photo of me , but anyway , I think you can recognize me by my old photo .
Just in case , I 'll be wearing that yellow hat you sent me last year .
Do you remember it ?
I 'm so excited about spending these weeks with you and I 'm really looking forward to meeting Eileen .
Maybe I should bring her something from here ?
What does she like?(I remember you said she liked chocolate .
For sure she has to taste our local chocolate .
Or maybe she wants something else ?
Ask her . )
I really want to visit the Ferris wheel in London .
Hope we 'll have enough time to go there .
Also , we can go to some parks that I think are incredible there .
Anyway , we 'll discuss where to go after my arrival .
( So you do n't need to hurry now . )
Thanks for care .
Looking forward to meeting you and your family as soon as possible !
Hope we 'll have a fantastic holiday together !
Kind regards ,
Francois
Faces in the Crowd is an excellent option for those like me who love watching thrillers .
It tells the story of a beautiful woman , played by the always stunning and talented actress Milla Jovovich , who is pulled off a bridge by a mysterious serial killer .
Despite surviving the attack , Milla loses the ability to recognize faces , and thus she can not tell people apart , which means anyone could be the psycho who tried to kill her , and she could be in great danger .
As time goes by , Milla learns how to identify people 's body gestures . As she becomes more confident with her new ability , her life comes slowly back to normal , but not for too long , because she becomes suspicious the murderer could be closer than she would ever have expected .
No one can figure it out until the very end .
People , young or old , rich or poor , go through stages of ups and downs in their lives .
To most of her friends in the dorm of University of Education , Mimi is just an ordinary girl , neither beautiful nor smart .
But for Michael , she was his world .
Michael loved her at first sight when he first met her and he tried to take advantage of opportunities to win her heart .
There is no doubt that the Southerners in Vietnam have had prejudices against Northerners for a long time .
It was unfortunate for Michael to get access to her because she was a Southerner .
Overcoming many prejudices and obstacles from her family , he proved to be a loyal and sincere man who Mimi could depend on .
But everything has changed since he came to Danang city for further study .
He began to have intimate relations with other beautiful young girls there and broke his promises - " Wait for me !
I will love you forever and I will come back very soon .
I'll never love any girls but you " .
In terms of love , he did n't love her anymore , but he still kept in contact with her .
Poor Mimi !
She did n't know anything and still waited in pain .
She could have got married to a talented man if she had n't believed in what Michael had said to her .
Everything was fine until the end of last summer when she had some days off and made an important decision to go on a holiday trip to visit her boyfriend without any notice for him as a resault of causing completely surprises .
Never in her life had she been to as crowded a city as Danang , so she felt very nervous but extremely excited about meeting her lover soon .
Right after getting off the plane , she traveled to his dorm to meet him with a view to satisfying her long wait for him .
The more excited she was , the more disappointment she had . Mimi caught sight of her lover kissing another young girl in his room .
She burst into tears , making efforts to leave that room as fast as possible .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Dear Mikel ,
Hey ! how are you ? How is life ? Hope your done with your prestigious exams that you told me about .
Anyway , I 've recently been organizing an environment - saving event for our beautiful city by doing a recycling campaign .
Since your dad has a recycling factory , I thought that he would be pleased to get the bottles and the other recyclable material as well .
As you know , in our country there 's trash being thrown everywhere and most of the things that are thrown away are recyclable .
This is the main reason why our environment is being destroyed .
The charity I chose to invest in was the envirosavers charity , as they have recently done a good job of re - building animal habitats , so I thought that they might need money , since they have just spent money on building the habitats .
At the event , there will be charged entertainments for all age groups . There will be live music , and we also have a lottery which will be going on .
Waiting for your response and help on the day . Do n't forget ; no amount is too small .
Ertan
Hi Mary !
Thank you for your letter .
It was great to hear from you .
It has been such a long time since we wrote to each other .
The first thing I want to say is that I am really surprised about you finally deciding to start music lessons .
You never told me that you were thinking of playing an instrument .
What kind of instrument are you going to play ?
In my opinion , you should try to organise a schedule for your activities .
Do n't forget to have time enough to go out with your family and friends there !
If I were you , I would try a trial period for a month .
If you do n't follow the schedule , you should give up one of them .
For instance , you have been doing sport since I met you , so give up it for a season .
Do n't you think so ?
I hope that 's useful . Good luck and let me know how you get on .
Looking forward to hearing from you soon .
Dear Mrs Elisa Stephens ,
I 'm Vincenzo Manna , an engineering student who , by means of linguaenglish , is going to spend three weeks in Brighton ( as you already know , my colleague Gelsomina Davide and I are arriving on 27th of July ) .
I would like to ask you for just one piece of information .
Once I arrive at the airport , is it better to catch a bus or a train to reach Brighton ?
Surfing the Internet , I have found that if I catch a bus I will be able to get off at several stops ( Coach station , Patcham , Preston Circus and so on ... ) , while when travelling by train , I can choose between Brighton and New Brighton .
So , could you tell me which is the best way to reach your house ?
I hope to improve my English skills thanks to this trip , and especially my listening and spoken English .
In fact , I am studying a lot to pass the CAE examination ( Certificate in Advanced English ) , but I am facing several difficulties .
Also for this reason , I have chosen to spend this period in a family .
Indeed , I think this is the best way to improve , by listening to and speaking with native English people .
I 'm looking forward to seeing you soon ,
Yours sincerely ,
Vincenzo Manna
My name is Pawarit Chonlahat and I have lived in Bangkaen district since 2010.I found that this area has changed so rapidly , such as , now it has a lot of condominiums a long the main road and nowadays this area has a big shopping mall and a modern hospital and a large police station . That makes my life so convenient and safe because I can walk from my house to go to the shopping mall in about 10 minutes and I can walk to the hospital in just about 5 minutes , so I did n't worry when I got sick and the large police station is located in front of the hospital . That can assure safety for everyone who lives in this area .
For this reason , this is the advantage of living in this area but because of many people in this area , traffic in rush hours especially in the morning is very heavy and it takes so long to drive a car to work .That is the disadvantage of living in this area . So , in my opinion , this area should have an improved transportation infrastructure like investment in Sky train system to cover this area .
Mary and Amber were having lunch at a restaurant .
They were very excited about choosing the food on the menu because it was their first time eating here .
However , Mary saw a young man with a baseball cap taking something away .
When she looked for the second time , she realised that was Amber 's backpack .
Mary yelled loudly at the young man to call him to stop and everyone in the restaurant noticed him .
The young man dropped the backpack quickly and tried to run away .
To his surprise , Amber and the manager of this restaurant were already standing in front of the door .
The manager told them that this guy had robbed many stores in the town , and finally they got him .
As a result , even though he kept expressing his apologies to Amber , she still decided to call the police .
After the police took him away , Mary and Amber continued enjoying their food .
The best of all is that the manager said their meal was free .
Although the two movies are from completely different genres , similarities still exist .
The stories of Stephanie and Ali in Rust and Bones , and Pat and Tiffany in the Silverlinings Playbook all began with their lives going through life - altering events .
In Rust and Bones , Stephanie injures herself in a brawl outside of a club and wakes up to realize she has had her legs amputated .
Ali , an unemployed father in his mid-20s who is struggling to make ends meet and support his young son , saves Stephanie and helps her get back on her feet .
As they support each other through their hardships , love grows .
Similarly , Pat and Tiffany were also going through hard times when they first met .
Pat had just gotten out of rehab for bipolar disorder , whereas Tiffany , a widow , had just lost her job .
Once again , their relationship began as friends and transforms into love as they help each other conquer personal challenges .
In sum , both movies portrayed love as a chemical reaction that grows when two people are willing to help each other out of life challenges .
In the movie of Rust and Bone , Ali takes Stephanie out and takes her swimming , even has sex with her , helping Stephanie to restore her life .
On the other hand , after Ali starts his kickboxing career , Stephanie always cares about his conditions , and then becomes his middleman .
As in Rust and Bone , in the movie of Silver Linings Playbook , Pat companies with Tiffany to break away from the past ; and Tiffany helps Pat to get the courage to find the way back into love .
All they want to do is to repair the love meanings and find happiness in their life .
Both the movies have happy endings for the leads .
At the end of Rust and Bone , Stephanie is back to her life because of Ali 's support .
Ali realizes he loves Stephanie and he wo n't be the man he used to be anymore , who did n't believe in love and only wanted one - night stands .
And in Silver Linings Playbook , Pat and Tiffany , who both used to be stuck in their misfortune in the past , leave their past behind and move on with each other 's love and support .
These two movies give us a concept : no matter how bad their lives are , love can make people brave and help them find the value of their lives again .
Although they have those things in common , at the beginning of the movies , the depression of the characters came from different situations .
Pat and Tiffany are trapped in their psychological difficulties ; Pat 's desire for his ex - wife can not be fulfilled , while Tiffany can not get over her guilt over her husband 's death .
On the other hand , the characters in Rust and Bone are suffering from declined life quality ; Stephanie lost her legs , and Ali is a poor man .
Although their hearts are all empty , the harsh environment is harder to survive .
In addition , love is portrayed in different ways in these two movies .
Silver Linings Playbook , as a Hollywood movie , describes the love story in a hilarious tone .
The scene is bright and the rhythm is light , even in the saddest section .
Rust and Bone , on the other hand , presents the story in a realistic way .
The director does not avoid brutal scenes because those are parts of real life .
In conclusion , every love movie may be interpreted in diverse ways , whereas people can always find distinct inspiration .
In my opinion , being included in the latest TV news is a huge contribution , a great opportunity to introduce yourself in the way you like .
It is possible to find many examples which confirm that argument .
In these times , we can follow somebody 's Twitter newsfeed , ' like ' his Facebook fanpage and , of course , follow news about those famous people .
They 're being followed constantly by paparazzi , and their private photos are being bought for millions of dollars .
Of course , being in a similar situation does n't seem to be easy but I think that it is one of the prices of being famous .
We should n't underestimate the importance of societal and environmental problems .
They both must be solved because of their great negative influence on the world .
On the one hand , I think that the most significant is societal problems because they cause other problems , including environmental ones .
People always use nature and its resources to satisfy their needs .
However , people have exploited nature since the last century .
Their activities had lots of negative consequences , such as air , water and land pollution , deforestation and climate change .
These issues are so burning in developing countries .
Whereas developed countries have become aware of these problems , poor countries have plenty of societal problems , so they continue to affect the environment in a negative way .
That 's why I consider that societal issues are the most dangerous .
For example , developing countries can not protect the environment because of their poverty , low incomes , and population illiteracy .
On the other hand , sometimes environmental problems can be a reason for societal ones .
This happens when some natural disasters happen .
Such disasters as earthquakes , floods and tornados affect a lot of people every year .
They have an undesired impact on society as people are forced to save their lives , leave or renovate their houses , and to look for clothes , food and other things .
Unfortunately , we can not prevent natural disasters , but we can solve societal problems .
In my opinion , the main decision is to develop people 's potential , and increase their awareness of personal effects on nature .
If people take responsibility for their actions , we will avoid plenty of consequences .
In my view , we can achieve this through developing leadership .
We must have strong leaders who will strive for a beautiful world .
People ca n't satisfy their limitless needs ; they think only about their wealth .
A good leader must form a society , set an example and provide better values for people .
He must inspire others to achieve appropriate goals and to do their best for the world .
In my organization , we strive for peace in the world .
We believe that we can develop leadership in each person and in these ways we can avoid a lot of global problems .
This exchange program will give me the required knowledge that I can use effectively to develop Ukrainian society .
Sometimes I have an opportunity and desire to do something , but I do n't know how to do it properly .
I hope this international experience will teach me how to work on increasing my country 's welfare .
Though new problems occur quickly in our state , some people and communities try to do their best to develop a civil and democratic society .
We need external help to find out how to cope with both societal and environmental problems .
Moreover , our country pays little attention to them , so the population has to do everything on their own .
For instance , I hope I will be able to get to know everything about recycling rubbish and saving energy .
These skills are necessary for us , and they help us to improve our ecological situation a little .
In conclusion , each problem must be solved concerning societal and environmental issues that impede the further progress of our civilization .
What is more , this project will give me valuable experience , including specific skills that I can use to spread healthy tendencies in the social sphere and careful attitudes towards the environment .
Television can entertain everybody today . It does n't matter the age . It can be a baby or an elderly person ; we can see that there are interesting topics for all kinds of audience .
It 's a multimedia device so that while you watch TV , you can listen and see other people or cartoons , and it seems the characters are alive talking directly to you .
Today the networks have a schedule of 24 hours of activities , you can watch the programs at any time you want to , and if you do n't like a program , you can change the channel and watch something else . Through the increase in channels and competitiveness , the audience has also increased its power of choice .
We have the power to choose what we want , but with so many options , we must be aware of our own decisions . I want to say that , although we have so many options , not all of them are effective for us . We are able to decide if we 'd rather see a comedy or a documentary .
The programs tend to reproduce our real life and our desires , such as a soap opera which presents characters with difficulties in their lives , but there are also the solutions to all the problems at the end ; the lady gets married and lives happily with her love forever .
Although they have a nice ending , we need to remember that real life is different and the difficulties are part of our lives . They are there for us to give value to everything we have and to remind us how fragile and , at the same time , how powerful we are .
We can also watch a documentary that teaches us a lot !
There are documentaries produced with so much care that they provide us with a lot of information . Sometimes it 's much better than reading a book or having a class .
Having said that , we just need to remember to be aware of what we want to receive from TV while we are choosing a program to watch and be happy with our choices !
Pros and cons - cars in major city centres
For the last 10 years , every second family has had more than one car and , most of the time , each member of the family drives his own car .
Many of the automobile owners live in big towns and they often park their cars in the city centres , where they work or study .
Recently , governments in many countries imposed a ban on parking or even a ban on driving in major city centres , because this leads to increasing traffic jams .
Moreover , cars pollute the air significantly and it becomes unhealthy for breathing .
Underground car parks are built in many towns , where you can leave your car when you have some work in the city centre .
Only public transport is permitted on the main streets , because it is used by a lot of people .
Some drivers are not keen on this ban , because this is inconvenient for them .
They do not like travelling by bus or tram .
In my opinion , these measures related to the ban on cars in the city centres are effective and limit the traffic jams and the air pollution .
How does Shakespeare make ' A Midsummer Night 's Dream ' magical ?
In ' A Midsummer Night 's Dream ' , Shakespeare creates a magical mood and setting by using characters , such as the fairies , and events ( such as transforming Bottom 's head into a donkey 's head ) .
The use and misuse of magic plays a vital role in ' A Midsummer Night 's Dream ' .
Each character in this play who is able to do magic uses it in a different way . For example : to help ; for their own needs .
A good use of magic is when Oberon uses ' love in idleness ' to make or rather " force " Demetrius to fall in love with Helena .
He uses it to help her and try to solve the problems in the lovers ' relationship , as Lysander and Demetrius are in love with Hermia . Consequently , Helena is in love with Demetrius .
It 's almost a love triangle !
The misuse of magic is when it causes an argument between the Athenians .
Because Puck mistakes Lysander for Demetrius and squeezes the potion into his eye , the whole conflict begins .
This whole dispute could have been avoided if not for Puck 's mistake .
However , just as magic caused this chaos , it also resolved it .
Without the misuse of magic , the plot would n't be the same .
There 'd be no humour to make it interesting .
In this play , the fairies are almost like the heart of the book .
It is because of the magic of the fairies , the actions in this book are like a dream .
The fairies control nearly everything .
The weather changes due to Oberon and Titania 's argument , which makes ' contagious fogs ' ( 2:1:90 ) and ' hoary - headed frosts ' ( 2:1:107 ) .
The fairies also affect nature as Oberon 's and Titania 's dispute results in the wind ' piping ' to them in ' vain'(2:1:88 ) .
Having fairies as characters adds magic , as fairies do n't exist in the human world .
It creates unreality and fantasy .
The beautiful language of the fairies ( verse ) takes us away from the ordinary human world that usually talks in prose .
The fairies ' magic is built by the contrast between the lives of the fairies and those of the " mortals " .
As a reoccurring theme , Puck 's use of magic creates humour , conflict and balance in the play .
Puck 's magic also adds to his naughty , cheeky , attractive character in this play .
The magic of turning Bottom 's head into one of an ass , adds more humour to the already self - confident character of Bottom .
This also leads to more humour as Titania falls in love with Bottom and calls him her ' sweet love'(4:3:30 ) .
It also creates the comparison of Titania , a beautiful , delicate creature , whilst Bottom is completely grotesque .
The idea of Titania having a ' flowery bed'(4:1:1 ) and the idea of Bottom , at that time , looking ' monstrous ' and ' strange'(3:1:91 ) creates a distinction .
The image of the elegant fairy queen referring to a man with a donkey 's head as her ' lover'(3:2:186 ) seems ridiculous .
Oberon 's magic is mainly used to help people .
As well as for his needs , he uses his magic to help ' A sweet Athenian lady ' ' in love'(2:2:260 ) ; namely , Helena , with her situation with Demetrius in Act 2 .
Therefore , he is shown as a sympathetic character .
However , Oberon also uses his magic to get the changeling boy from Titania .
When Oberon finds out that Puck has transformed Bottom 's head into a donkey 's head , he gets annoyed at first at Puck 's mistake but later realizes that Titania has fallen in love with a ' vile thing'(2:2:40 ) , a man with an ass ' head .
In the book , Titania does n't seem to use her magic much . Nevertheless , she uses it a few times .
Titania uses her magic to ' bless'(5:1:383 ) the bride 's bed so that Theseus and Hippolyta will have beautiful children and live a happy married life .
In the book , she is n't shown using it for her own needs .
Titania 's fairies are also characters who use magic . They use it to protect their ' fairy queen'(2:2:12 ) from ' spotted snakes with double tongue ' , ' newts and blindworms'(2:2:9 - 11 ) .
Their magic , like Oberon 's , is used to help people , and not for themselves .
Also , the fairies ' language is magical , as most of their lines are spells and sound as if they were in a fairy tale .
The clothes of the fairies and their lives are also magical .
The place where Titania sleeps is full of ' oxlips ' and ' eglantine ' .
She sleeps on a bower and she wants a fan made of wings of butterflies .
The food they eat like ' apricocks'(3:1:152 ) and ' mulberries ' ( 3:1:153 ) sound exotic as well as not being our daily meals or snacks , which also shows another contrast between the humans and the fairies .
The fruits , mentioned above , also sound like ones that would be found in a forest ( berries ) .
The language of the fairies creates magic by imagery that is absolutely exquisite .
Most of us probably haven't heard of ' oxlips ' ( 2:2:250 ) and ' woodbine'(2:2:251 ) .
Even the sound of these two words sounds like fantasy .
Shakespeare 's choice of words creates this .
He talks about ' musk - roses'(2:1:252 ) and ' wild thyme'(2:2:249 ) giving us this image of this beautiful land , with green grass and all sorts of flowers .
This image will probably look like where the fairies live or associate it with a fairy tale .
By doing this , we begin to realize the magic in this play .
In ' A Midsummer Night 's Dream ' there are many spells , e.g.
Flower of this purple dye ,
Hit with Cupid 's archery ,
Sink in apple of his eye .
When his love he doth espy ,
Let her shine as gloriously
As the Venus of the sky .
When thou wak'st , if she be by ,
Beg of her remedy .
OBERON(3:2:102 - 109 )
The language used in this spell contains many references to nature ( ' Venus ' and ' Sky ' ) .
This is how it creates magic and creates the setting , as in William Shakespeare 's time , they did n't use many props .
Just by reading this , you can imagine this fairy king chanting a spell on a purple flower called ' love in idleness ' and you can understand Cupid ( the Greek god of love ) had blessed this flower with his archery , giving you an understanding that this is a love potion .
Shakespeare has also used metaphors and similes such as ' let her shine as gloriously as the Venus of the sky ' to create the thought that Helena should look like a ' goddess , nymph , ' in addition to being ' perfect ' and ' divine'(3:2:137 ) .
He uses indirect words , e.g. He does n't just say love potion .
Shakespeare says ' Flower of this purple dye , Hit with Cupid 's archery ' , causing mystery and making us think about what he means .
Shakespeare also uses the idea of magic in his conversations with other characters . For example , when Titania speaks to Oberon in 2:1:60 - 145 , she mentions nature many times .
She refers to the moon as ' the governess of floods'(2:1:103 ) and refers to the seasons quite a lot .
She describes the winter as ' angry'(2:1:112 ) as Winter is sometimes thought of as a miserable season .
The fairies recite their sentences as if they were a poem or song . '
Spotted snakes ' and ' Thorny hedgehogs'(2:2:9 - 10 ) are references to animals .
Animals , insects and plants are commonly referred to in ' ' A Midsummers Night 's Dream ' and these descriptions add to the magic .
It creates the sense that the fairies thought that the animals were dangerous and the way they describe them engages the reader .
The description of the animals and insects makes them seem as if they were evil spirits to the fairies and spirits are magical .
This play also refers to ' sleep ' and dreams .
After all , the book is called ' A Midsummers Night 's Dream ' .
Due to the magic , the bizarre events were interpreted as a dream , as there 's no easier way to make the humans understand the events that had just happened .
Thinking of it as a dream creates innocence and vulnerability .
Also , the thought of all four lovers having the same dream makes it seem strange and magical to them .
Also , Shakespeare uses the thought of plays .
He adds the play ' Pyramus and Thisbe ' which is a bit like a mini - play based on the storyline ' A Midsummers Night 's Dream ' , as there are two lovers whose parents do n't permit their marriage .
When the ' mechanicals ' , or workers , change into their characters , it is a bit like magic .
The characters in the play , like ' moonlight ' , are basic ideas of transformations like the ones that magic creates .
Also , there is the idea of the alteration of form that Bottom 's head gets ' translated'(3:1:104 ) into expresses the magical feeling that again this is not possible in the human world .
Potions are also used to show a sense of magic .
In the human world , they did n't use spells or potions .
At this time , the idea of potions might seem unrealistic and silly but by reading this and the events the potion creates magic .
The effect that ' love in idleness ' has in the play , creates the plot and so potions play a main role in the book .
Without magic , the play would not have the same elements of humour .
Also , the absence of magic would alter the overall plot .
The repetitive theme of magic plays a significant role in the play .
To summarize my points , I personally think that Shakespeare presented magic in the play by using thoughts such as transformations , spells , potions and aspects that do n't exist in the human world .
I personally think , without magic , this book would not be as popular or engaging .
Shakespeare has done it again !
By Pravinija Mukherjee
7Y
Luxor is an amazing city in the south of Egypt .
You will enjoy the friendly atmosphere here .
If you like to go shopping , you will have many choices .
You can buy souvenirs from the east or west bank .
If you like artworks and antiques , you can go shopping for stone sculptures and papyrus there .
Lovers of gold and silver can get real bargains at the bazaar shops .
You can enjoy your time here .
You will never forget this amazing experience and the fragrance of the land of the pharaohs , legends and history .
The city of Old Thebes
Nowadays , most schools and universities help students to find their most suitable jobs .
This is caused by the changes that the labor market has experienced recently .
Businesses want to recruit young and experienced people and universities and schools have noticed that , so they are hands on the task .
I shall consider two of the proposed methods .
It has been suggested that businesses offer " work experience programs " .
Students will be able to get know their task in depth as employees .
It seems a brilliant idea not only because of the knowledge that they acquire but also because of the experience that it could bring them .
Some businesses require experienced employees and if young people have it , they will be more likely to be recruited in the workplace .
So , including experience in the CV , seems to me , a step further in the student ' s career .
Another way to encourage students to find the perfect job would be courses and qualifications .
I entirely share this idea .
Universities are supposed to give their students information about the skills that a job involves .But sometimes , universities give them more theoretical training instead of the practical training which businesses are looking for .
Generally speaking , students finish their degrees with a limited range of experience .
I would therefore argue that the best way to help students is to combine a kind of " training " for their work life and some theoretical knowledge .
They have to learn the skills that a job involves and the only way to get this is by practicing .
Nowadays , we have " n " number of international sports where one can prove one 's own talent and socialise .
My favourite sport is Badminton because you can have lots of fun while playing .
The shape of the court is a rectangle and it is divided in half by a net .
The mode of playing can be singles or doubles .
There are six main shots : the serve , the clear , the smash , the drop , the forehand and the backhand .
It 's good exercise to make one fit and it 's easy to play .
The fun in this game is that you need to drop the shuttlecock on the other side of the court and wait until the opponent responds to it .
My suggestion for people who want to start badminton as a hobby , firstly one needs to know the rules and regulations of the game .
As it 's a mind - set game , the player needs to focus on the weaknesses and act accordingly .
To be a successful player , one has to learn some tricks which help make the game easier .
And last but not least , as a player , they have to keep in mind that they should not get depressed when they feel that their game is going out of their hands . Instead of that , one has to fight until the last minute of the game in order to decide whether the player is the winner or the loser .
Thus , pushing themselves leads to success .
Hi Jo ,
I am very pleased to hear that you finally managed to open your restaurant .
I 'm really sorry that I can not accept your offer to work at your restaurant .
I 'm very busy with my new job and with the kids .
But I have someone in mind that can help you at the restaurant . It 's my sister Sorina . You met her at my party . She is a lovely girl , hard working , flexible . You will love working with her .
She has a lot of experience . She worked in a restaurant for 5 years and can also cook .
Let me know if you are interested in getting to know her better .
Yours ,
Stela
I am very glad to hear that you will come to my country .
In Vietnam , many places are worth travelling to , such as Da Lat , Sa Pa , or especially Ninh Thuan .
I went to Ninh Thuan two weeks ago , and I can assure you that it is one of the most beautiful beaches in Vietnam .
From Ho Chi Minh City , you could easily go to Ninh Thuan by train and it takes you only 6 hours .
VH Bay in Ninh Thuan is seen as one of the best bays in Vietnam , so I especially recommend you to go there .
To experience it well , you should stay there at least three days .
Last time , I just had a chance to stay for two days , and I felt regret when I got home .
Looking for a job in Vietnam is not easy for a foreigner like you now .
However , if you are able to cook , I think you will be fine .
Besides , you could sell your own food on the streets , which sounds very interesting .
Just keep thinking about this advice and let me know if you have any concerns .
I am looking forward to seeing you .
Meet the Film Club every Monday at the College Theatre
A student group usually meet in the College Theatre every Monday to watch films and , afterward , discuss them , but you 're not alone !
Every Monday a different guest speaker is invited to the Film Club to manage the discussion over a good drink , thanks to the Coffee Bar 's special late opening .
Famous directors such as Ridley Scott and Alejandro Amenábar have been to the club in the last weeks .
They spoke about their films from a point of view that will uncover for you a new wonderful way of interpreting the meaning of the iconic messages that they 've introduced into their movies .
For the next season there 's going to be a new cycle about WWII and Tom Hanks and Matt Damon will visit the Film Club to speak about the film in which they appeared : " Saving Private Ryan " , and their process for getting involved in their characters for realistic acting .
CONCLUSION
If you love the cinema or if you only want to take a break from your daily routine and meet new people and make new friends , you should n't miss this great opportunity to turn a grey Monday into an amazing start to the week .
Some people complain that when the weekend is coming they wonder what to do just for one day ! They would like to have a rest .
However , they want to go out and spend time with their families , as well .
So , where to go ? What to do ?
I 'm suggesting you choose between two different places : the beach or the mountains .
If you prefer to go to the beach but you are not sure what to do there , here are some special ideas to consider .
First of all , remember to take food that can be eaten easily without much mess ( Spanish omelette , fried chicken breast , sandwiches , chips ... ) and , also , you can buy some drinks and water because it is fun to eat at the beach and people usually get hungry often after they do something like swimming , jumping the waves , surfing and so on .
Playing in the sand , burying one another or making sandcastles might be a great way to spend a day outdoors .
However , if you do n't like sand at all , you can choose the other option in the mountains .
It could be a different way to spend a quiet day in a peaceful , placid and restful place .
Furthermore , going on a hike among trees with a cool breeze around you can be the kind of place that allows you to forget the busy city life , too .
So , which one of these two places would you choose ?
In my opinion , no matter where you go , just take your camera and take photos in order to be able to remember that wonderful , amazing even unforgettable time .
In the end , the most important thing is to have and enjoy a relaxing time .
Purpose
The purpose of this report is to showcase the ways in which energy consumption is reduced , together with the saving of natural resources in my city .
Measures being taken
In Cluj , each year , during the summer , the local authorities give citizens the opportunity to rent bicycles , something that can reduce the air pollution produced by car exhaust .
They also encourage people to use bicycles in order not to consume so much fuel .
Their success
Surprisingly , people support this project and every year the number of bicycles rented rises .
More and more people have started wondering about their health , something that makes them not use their cars as often as they used to .
More things that could be done
The local authorities could also organise events in which they can encourage people to start saving natural resources like water , or to convince people that power consumption can be reduced in many other ways .
Great Eats !
La Cacharrería is a small , Spanish restaurant in the old town of Cáceres .
It is a popular place .
The interior is simple .
The tables are small and tall but they are comfortable .
The atmosphere is friendly and relaxed .
There is a little courtyard with three tables .
La Cacharreriaes is a tapas restaurant , so you can choose lots of different small dishes and share them .
I try something new each time I go there , but I often order the humus . I love it .
I also recommend the zucchini flower or the salads .
The food is always fresh .
The desserts are delicious and original .
The service at La Cacharreria is very good .
The waiters are really helpful .
They are always happy to describe the different dishes and recommend well .
Another thing about this restaurant is that it is cheap , about 20E per person .
La Cacharrería has a disadvantage : you ca n't reserve a table and it is very popular .
I recommend La Cacharería , because it is a great place for a quiet meal with friends .
Hi Ryan ,
This is just a quick e - mail to apologise because I forgot to ask you if you wanted to come to celebrate the end of the year .
Also , to say that we 're going to eat at Telepizza .
I look forward to receiving your answer soon .
Bye ,
Aranzazu .
Not sleeping enough is a relief , but for others it can be torture .
Different factors such as stress , psychological problems , noise , lights , do not let you rest .
" Sleep and Your Health " talks about this .
They mention 3 things we should do to sleep better and be healthy as well , which we will discuss below .
The first step to better sleep is to recognize that maybe you have a sleep disorder .
Take me as an example . I do not think I have a sleep disorder .
I do not have trouble sleeping , or suffer from interrupted sleep .
I certainly do not get enough sleep , but it 's not a sleep disorder , but rather , the pace of life I lead .
The second step is to identify what could be causing the sleep disorder .
Even if you have a disorder , you can identify factors that may interrupt your sleep .
The reading speech of many , but those with which I identify most are caffeine before sleeping and eating heavy food before bedtime .
I definitely need to pay attention to these factors and , that way , I will see improvement .
The third and final step is to try to identify problems at first .
It is very important to know how we can improve our health .
There are different medications or even natural things to improve these conditions .
Help and putting into practice these tips will help us have a healthier life .
In summary , it is important to pay attention to our health .
Reading things that can help us live better can be very helpful .
Implementing each piece of advice and telling others about your improvements , is a good way to help others .
So , for now , we must sleep well to be healthier .
My favourite sport .
Let me tell you about my favorite sport .
I like many types of sports but I like swimming best .
Swimming is my favourite sport .
I do it every day at school .
We have a swimming pool in our school and we swim from 8 a.m. to 10 a.m. When I swim I feel very happy and relaxed .
The benefits of swimming are that your body is healthy and your brain is alert .
To do this sport , first you have to meet someone who can teach you how to swim , because it is a beautiful sport but it is also dangerous .
You have to have a good coach and a good swimsuit .
If you try it , you can do it .
Karen
Some people think there is no future for public transport because travelling by car is so much more convenient .
Cars actually have many advantages .
However , that does n't mean public transport has to disappear .
The main reason to think there is a future for public transport is that , according to ecologists , we must cut down the massive use of cars .
The pollution level is more and more increased by this excessive use .
So , public transport is needed to avoid more problems in the atmosphere and save the planet .
What 's more , it not only increases pollution , but also turns out to be dangerous for our sense of hearing .
In addition , I think public transport is a necessary service which we should have access to .
Not everyone can afford a car or , for some reason , some people are n't able to drive one .
Therefore , it is very important to continue public transport now and in the future .
In conclusion , from my point of view , people from all over the world would rather travel by car than travel by public transport , but we 'd better use this means of transport if we want to continue living in acceptable conditions .
Dear Mr
Garo ,
Please find below clarification related to the below issue :
During a meeting with the head of department in MOH , I was complaining about servicing of the microscope by their staff ( almost 99.9% from Olympus Microscopes are not under Service Contract , and handling by Electronic W / S in M.O.H. ) and I suggested providing the required training for all his staff , in order to improve the quality of Olympus Microscopes service .
The next day I received a call from one of the technicians , Mr. Humam Altannous ( who has a compliant against us ) , asking to repair the Microscopes in Malariya Lab ( which are not under warranty or contract ) .
I explained to him the standard protocol that an official repair request should be sent in order to proceed with repairing the unit .
But he is not ready to accept this and is asking us to go and repair the unit without any repair request being issued . Please note that our telephone conversation was for only 2 minutes and during this conversation he was misbehaving and mistreating me and hung up the phone ) .
He did not ask any manual / trouble - shooting instruction during our call , which he mentioned in his email .
The next day I complained about him to the head of the department . It was only during that time I got to know that he is one of the technicians who is taking care of repairs of the microscopes in the department , and his manager requested me not to repair any unit without an official request , and he would come back to me regarding my complaint against his employee .
Please note that we maintain a good relationship with our customers and always give good service as well .
We hope that the above explanation is sufficiently clear and exhaustive .
Thanks for your kind understanding
Because there will be an international festival for young people in our region , I have written this report in order to find out the their preferences and the trends which are in nowadays .
Firstly , I asked about the music that is listened to and about their favourite styles and groups and the results showed us that they are n't similar compared to the music they liked a few years ago .
In fact , they can hardly ever define themselves as pop fans , rockers , ...
In addition , plenty of girls who were interviewed told us they could n't stand reggaeton music , but they usually want to listen to it at discos because they can dance .
In my opinion , young people do n't have a musical culture and magnificent bands like the Rolling Stones are going to have to remain in oblivion .
Secondly , I debated with young people about the television programmes that are watched currently .
Most people prefer to watch reality programmes where people have to live with unknown people , in order to gossip about them .
However , documentaries are being forgotten and only twenty - six percent of them would like to watch more interesting TV series like Lost .
Moreover , all of them choose watching TV over reading a book as first option .
Finally , I also talked about the clothes they usually wear .
It is said that you are that you wear , but in this report , we can check that it is not certain .
Actually , unlike music , young people feel that they can reveal their behaviour and their character by which clothes are being worn .
Nowadays , everyone uses the Internet and apps everywhere .
In addition , it is very easy to make friends and communicate with somebody .
First of all , thanks to the internet , you can meet or talk to people even if they are not by your site .
In addition , it 's easier to talk with someone that you have n't met and you want to .
Furthermore , if you are a shy person , this way is very useful for you because you can talk more directly with someone .
Secondly , if you use the Internet to meet new people , it 's a good way to find people with similar interests . You can enter an app and you can describe what you look like and someone will be interested in you .
Finally , I think that thanks to the internet you can talk with someone who lives in Japan , but often you stop talking with someone who is in front of you .
In conclusion , I agree that the Internet is a good way to meet friends because you can get to know a lot of people around the world .
The statement - ' There is no future for public transport , because travelling by car is so much more convenient . ' can be discussed in relation to two different aspects .
One way of using transport is to travel to work daily within the city . The other way is to use it when you are visiting your friends or family outside the city .
There has been good progress in transport in both respects .
Transport has become faster and more convenient , and this can be attributed to a lot of factors , such as better roads , new technologies and innovations etc .
People who travel to work daily usually prefer public transport over their own car as it is a cheaper option .
Also , as public transport such as the metro does not need to deal with traffic , it is always a faster way to get to the office .
On the other hand , if I were travelling to see my friends or family in a nearby town or just on a holiday tour , I would prefer my car .
If you are travelling in your car , it gives you flexibility to choose any way to reach your destination , you can make any number of stops , and even stop for your favorite ice cream .
In future , the environment will also become a key factor in determining the state of these modes of transport .
Countries today are trying to reduce their carbon footprints ; they are trying to encourage public transport .
This initiative will definitely help countries to reduce pollution .
I think education is one of the most important things for everyone .
In my opinion , it is probably the basis of the values of every society , because our children now will be the men or women of the future .
In Spain , the vast majority of schools are state schools .
This is the reason why government decisions about education play an essential role . I have always thought that it should be accessible to all .
I studied in a state school and I believe that I got a good education , not only academic training but also strong principles to live in society .
The internet and social networks have involved a big change in our knowledge and behaviour in the world .
From my point of view , I feel like we are losing important things like the effort to achieve goals or respect for everyone .
Nowadays , we are living in a global world and we must learn how to live together . Therefore , education is the only way to achieve it .
For instance , knowing other languages , like English , is increasing day by day .
To sum up , education is , in my opinion , the most important basis of any society and it should be accessible to all people .
No doubt people need to move from one place to another .
There are many reasons for travelling , and to travel from one place to another people use different means .
There are a variety of transport means .
Some are private and some are public .
Public transport means such as trains , planes and buses are known as the cheapest and are used by all travelers , and the cost of using them is something that suits people who earn not much money ,
whereas the private means such as cars and small planes are known as the most expensive .
They cost too much to own them , and to run them .
Their fuel and kits are rather expensive .
The users of transport means differ . The public ones are able to carry large numbers of travelers , whereas the private means are used by very small numbers of people .
This option may be used for cargo also ,
because the public means of transport can carry a lot , and this helps to move cargoes everywhere at a low cost .
All these points support the importance of public means of transport , and demonstrate how useful they are .
In my view , public transport will keep on offering their services , and will never be affected by the appearance of private means .
Introduction :
This report is intended to evaluate the Active Leisure Club and to give some suggestions regarding the Club 's new facilities .
Minuses :
The club 's cafeteria , locker rooms and bathrooms are too small for the number of members .
I believe that should be borne in mind when the new facilities are built .
Pluses :
The Club offers a wide range of activities to spend time doing .
Those activities developed my interest in sports and nature .
The staff must also be congratulated .
Everyone in the organisation is kind , helpful and cheerful .
Recommendations :
Although the facilities are well organised , they are too small , because more and more people are becoming members of the club .
However , the advantages outweigh the worst aspects and I will be happy to join the club again next Summer .
Dear Jo
Thanks a lot for your letter ! I am pleased to hear that everything is well with you and that you are coming to Poland .
I 'm very sorry that I haven't replied earlier , but I was having a hard time at university .
In my opinion , Poland is beautiful country , so you will not be disappointed ! I would recommend you starting your trip in Poznan .
I would love to show you around my city .
Next , you can head to Warsaw .
It 's a beautiful city !
I would like to ask you if you like mountains ?
If so , I recommend you to explore Stołowe Mountains - in my opinion , it 's the most beautiful place in Poland .
If I were you , I would start looking for a job by checking local advertisements on the Internet .
There are surely a lot of job offers suitable for you !
I think your knowledge of English will be your great advantage .
Best wishes ,
Piotrek
To whom it may concern
I am writing in reference to the advertisement for the USA SUMMER CAMPS , in order to apply for the job .
My name is Gerard Jones and rather than tell you that I always wanted to work with children ,
I would like to share with you that my younger brother adores me , as do my cousins , whose ages are in the required range for going camping .
My expertise is to organise games for children . Everybody enjoys the way I develop my strategy and they just ca n't resist the team rivalry during the games .
I am also a talented cook for kids . My view is also trying to convince them that cooking is fun and sometimes they ask me to teach them how to make basic dishes , such as omelettes , spaghetti and more .
My plan is to have fun and provide fun through my work with children . I consider myself very patient and I do care for children . In view of that , I would like to apply for the job and , if it 's possible , join your next camp in the summer .
I appreciate your attention to this letter . Do not hesitate to contact me if you have any questions .
Yours faithfully ,
Gerard
Doing sports or just watching them ?
Nowadays , there are many people who do sports , but other people prefer just watching them .
On the one hand , doing sports allows you to have a healthier life .
Most doctors recommend doing this .
Doing sports is a good way to forget about real life . You focus on the competition and it is like having a rest from everyday life .
On the other hand , doing sports is healthy , despite the fact that there are risky sports that can cause various health problems and could lead to death . Only watching sports seems safer .
In conclusion , personally , despite the danger of some sports , doing sports is by far better than just sitting in your house and watching them .
Dear Sir / Madam ,
I 'm so glad to hear that you are giving me an opportunity to make your club facilities better .
It would be a great chance for your club to share my ideas to improve your facilities .
Please refer to the good and bad points of your club , in my view , as below .
The good points of the club are as below :
1 . All the people who work in the club are attentive and professional
2 . The facilities are cheap to use
3 . The changing room is very clean
The bad points of the club are as below :
1 .
The gym of your club is not open from 7:00 AM TO 8:00 AM
2 .
The temperature of the changing room is too low
I would like to recommend that the gym opens at 7:00 AM for people who want to visit a little bit earlier and the changing room heating should be fixed .
I 'm looking forward to hearing from you that my reply has been a great help for your club this year .
yours faithfully ,
BTLee
The last film I saw was called " The Others " but it is not a recent film .
The film is a horror movie which tells the story of a rich family who lived in an old mansion on an abandoned island after the Second World War .
The problem with this mansion is that it hides a lot of secrets and mysteries which are going to be discovered by its temporary owners , who are a family whose husband went to war and died . So the real occupants of the house are Nicholas , an easily scared boy , his sister Anne , who turns out to be one of the most important characters in the film , and their mother , who is called Grace and has a particular obsession with catholisism .
The other characters that also play an important part in the movie are the servants .
Bertha / mr.tuttle and the mute girl Lidya , who also hides a lot of secrets .
The film describes how the love that a mother can give to her children can easily turn into an obsession . However , what makes this film so special is that it pretends to be a typical horror movie , but in its final scene , there is a sudden change which makes it more interesting .
It was made in the right place for such an unexpected film as it was made in a big manor on an abandoned foggy island .
I would recommend this film to anyone , even those who are easily scared , because it is not like the rest of the horror movies . It is a film in which you are continuously discovering secrets as if you were another character .
You will have a great time .
Public transport was developed for people who were poor and could not afford their own transport .
Public transport is the mode of transport for passengers who can travel from one place to another for less money .
At first , this transport was greatly appreciated .
Everyone felt so delighted , but unfortunately , now people feel uncomfortable when it comes to travelling by public transport .
In the early days of public transport , people only stuck to their normal routine and did not wish to earn more from their job or work .
Today , every single person is keen to earn as much money as they can and the interesting part is that this eagerness is increasing day by day , and so is their income .
So , now , almost 80 percent of people can afford their own transport .
And people feel comfortable in their own vehicle .
The main advantage of having your own transport is that you do not have to wait for public transport . You can save time as you only need to accelerate your own transport and drive to your destination .
Public transport is slow now , even though it is very comfortable , but unfortunately , people feel public transport is for poor people and if any middle class or upper class were to travel on public transport , it would affect their status .
But still there are so many people who use public transport frequently , but that is only their compulsion and poverty .
If they were financially stable , they would surely buy their own vehicle .
So , I agree with the statement that there is no future for public transport .
It is a well - known fact that transport is closely related to pollution .
Exhaust fumes are one of the great problems for the environment .
So it is a question that requires deeper reflection from all of us .
Whether public transport might be the solution , or be more suitable or not is something with arguments in its favour and against it .
Firstly , many people think public transport has no future because travelling by car is faster and more independent .
You do not have to wait for a specific time to catch the bus , for example .
Secondly , people think buying a car is a cheaper option in the long term than travelling by public transport every day .
However , a lot of people are becoming more and more conscientious about how important travelling by public transport is .
One of the most important reasons is precisely to take care of the environment .
Using public transport reduces pollution .
What is more , when we speak about pollution we are not only talking about exhaust fumes .
We also speak about noise .
I am very happy with the idea of encouraging public transport 's use because it makes cities a better place to live .
If everyone travelled by bus , cities would be quite different to the ones we know now .
Dear Paul ,
To tell you the truth about the concert , I did n't think that it would be cool but it was !
I really liked working with special effects and the best thing was that I learnt a lot about that technology .
I 'm looking forward to hearing from you !
Best wishes ,
Sasha
Public transportation is the most popular way of travelling to places .
These modes of transportation can easily be found anywhere to reach your destination .
On the other hand , travelling by car is more convenient and safe .
Travelling by car is preferred by some people because of its convenience and advantages .
For example , air bags have been tested to ensure the safety of the passenger and the driver .
In addition to this , we do n't have to spend too much time looking for a bus which will go specifically to our destination .
But we can not deny the fact that public transportation has been around for years and in every country as a means of travel .
Most people prefer this kind of transport , especially those who can not afford to buy a car .
Also , this is the cheapest way to get to your preferred location .
I disagree that there is no future for public transportation as it is still widely used all over the world .
Moreover , this has helped a lot of people , especially those who can not afford to buy a car .
However , public transportation in the future might be improved and developed and will still be used by many people .
The side effect of depending only on cars as our main means of transportation are remarkable .
We should encourage public transportation all we can because every city now has a huge number of cars on its streets and this number is going up rapidly . Having this huge increase in cars will impact badly on public health & the environment and infrastructure .
It is more convenient with modern lifestyle to travel in a car because of the privacy and independence.the remarkable development of cars ' luxury features and other options .
However , it will be over cost in full , car service and the effort of concentration on driving . All of these negative points can easily be avoided by using public transportation . It should be cheaper than using your own car , you do not have to look after it , and you can do activities while you are on it , like reading or chatting with your friends or making important phone calls .
The environmental impact is an important factor we should consider . Having this number of cars is like having thousands of factories on our streets giving out tons of CO2 gas and many other polluting gases . The speed of new trains or planes or even buses is now competing with car speeds and is even faster than cars in a lot of places .
Using public transportation is better than using individual cars , but we should put more attractive things inside and should have new designs and more privacy and luxury facilities . Extending the use of electric cars and other clean energy is very important right now to reduce environmental pollution as much as we can .
Hi !
How are you ?
Thanks so much for your last letter .
I have never forgotten that funny story about the baseball match .
It was so impressive .
Sport is really important .
Hope my thoughts will be interesting for you .
As for my personal experience of sports , I do n't do it professionally .
My future job wo n't be connected with it .
So sport is my hobby , a nice way of having a rest , spending some new unusual life .
Most of all , I enjoy playing volleyball and badminton .
There was a time when I used to visit a volleyball club , but I gave it up .
I do n't know why exactly .
Maybe I had n't enough time .
Badminton is what I consider to be my favorite .
It 's easy , interesting and fun .
You can train your hands , reaction and legs , because it requires a lot of running .
Usually I do this kind of sport with my sister .
We have a great time .
Also , I like to do different physical exercises every morning .
It makes my day more productive .
When it 's good weather , I enjoy jogging near the house .
How could I forget about cycling ?
To my mind , cycling is the best way of traveling .
It 's also good for the cardiovascular system .
I 'm absolutely convinced everyone should realize that the most important thing is their health and sport really can help .
If you want to keep your body in good shape , you ought to go in for it .
If your figure is nice , you will have a good mood , wonderful feelings .
So it 's better to choose sport instead of computers in order to relax and feel positive emotions .
The Home of the Future
Having lived during the century which provided humanity with glass houses , question ponders , what will the home of the future look like ?
Predictable , some of the solutions will remain intact .
Any changes would mean a resignation of comfort .
Houses will continue to be divided into rooms in order to preserve the privacy of the occupants .
Pieces of furniture , namely chairs , tables and beds , would remain unchanged .
Nonetheless , changes will be visible on the interior as well as the exterior .
Buildings will become smaller , yet more functional and organised .
Furthermore , they will be ecological , the main reason being the use of renewable sources of energy .
As a matter of fact , reduction of living space will not be noticeable due to thinner walls .
The windows are bound to be broader .
The electronic devices will undergo the most obvious changes .
The screen will no longer be required for the computers and TVs .
All electronic devices will be controlled by the voice or thoughts .
Dear Sir / Madam ,
I am writing this letter because I am concerned about facilities for shoppers in our area .
First of all , I have to admit I am addicted to shopping and I really like that there is such an extensive shopping area in our town .
I also appreciate that it is located near to the housing estate .
Unfortunately , I think there are some aspects that demand improvements .
In my opinion , parking charges are too high .
Furthermore , the shopping area lacks restaurants and entertainment facilities .
People usually become hungry after shopping , so opening eating places in this area would be very beneficial .
In addition , the shops arrangement is actually very messy and finding the store I need is hard .
I would like to propose some solutions , as well .
The parking should be free of charge , it would attract more people and increase the income overall .
Moreover , you should change the arrangement of shops and divide the whole area into certain sections ( e.g. clothes , food , and house ) .
Finally , opening restaurants with different types of food and entertainment facilities like movie theatres and gyms should be considered .
Yours faithfully ,
XYZ
My favourite sport is undoubtedly jogging .
I am very lucky because not far from my home there are three parks , so I can practise this sport whenever I want .
Usually I jog three days a week and , honestly , I could n't do without it !
Running in contact with nature allows me to relax after work and recharge my batteries .
Once I 've finished my training , I go home , take a shower and ... I feel like a new woman ! !
My advice for those people who want to take up this sport is to start gradually .
They can begin to jog for 15 minutes and then increase the time so that their body can get used to the muscular effort .
Furthermore , it would be useful to have a chronometer to check out your improvement .
I would also recommend stretching after every workout to avoid any kind of muscular pain .
If you prefer , you can substitute stretching with a few yoga exercises as well .
Good jogging ! !
Among young people there is a statement that shopping is always an enjoyable way to spend your free time .
Personally I do not completely agree with this way of thinking .
On the one hand , if you have money and a lot of free time , you can spend all day dodging in the mall for only one , special kind of skirt or pair of jeans .
But if you do not have money , prices can only ruin your day because you know that you can not afford it .
The prices in the shops are often very high and clothes are not good quality .
And when you want to buy something for a lower price , you need to go to the mall when there are seasonal sales .
But then everybody goes crazy , you need to crowd through the mob , argue with another person for one , special pair of shoes in your size .
For me , it is just a torture .
Also , you can be robbed because in crowded places you can easily fall prey to pickpockets .
Otherwise , you need to have time to walk through all the shops and find what you need , everything on the rack is calling for your attention , after a while you want to buy everything .
On the other hand , if you find a real bargain and buy something for a very low price , you will be happy and content for the rest of the day .
But in my case , it happens rarely .
Some people do not want to buy things online because they want to try on clothes , for example .
For me , it is not necessary because every seller gives the size of his product and then I can check if this thing will be good for me or not .
Also , you can always return it , like in the physical stores .
Summing up , I prefer doing my shopping by means of websites or auction portals .
There , I can easily find what interests me , what is in my size etc .
For me , it is an easier and faster way to buy what I want , often at a better price .
The diagrams illustrate the process of making bank notes .
The first step is design , which includes background colour , artwork and security issues .
Then they move to the next step ; preparation of metal plates . Skilled machinists are needed in this process .
Printing is quite closely related to the first two steps , because the design and skilled machinists should both be considered .
And when the sheets of bank notes are being printed , colour on both sides , special ink and slightly raised images should be on the bank notes .
The most important step is inspection , where printed sheets have to be inspected manually and carefully .
It divides sheets of bank notes into three types , which are good quality sheets , partially damaged sheets or bank notes separated into good and bad and bad sheets .
However , there is a big difference between these three types .
If the quality of sheets and bank notes is good , then they will be packaged and distributed .
Conversely , bad sheets and bank notes will be destroyed .
Dear Sir / Madam
My name is Elvira Vergara and I am applying for the job in the summer camp in your advertisement .
I am a fairly energetic hard - worker and , also , I know how to speak English really well and a bit of Italian .
Besides , I think I would be a good worker for you because I know to how cook and how to look after children .
In addition , I am very keen on children and teach them the marvels of the environment .
I have worked in out - of - school activities before and in other summer camps in the south of America , too .
Also , I have studied teaching and I practise with my father , who is a teacher . I have been swimming since I was five , so I could teach your camp 's children about swimming and other sports like basketball or hockey .
I would like to work with your company because I have studied for this and I love it .
Besides , I need the money to become free and no longer depend on my parents .
I am looking forward to hearing from you .
Contact me by email .
Thank you .
Yours faithfully ,
Elvira
There are so many options on television that sometimes it 's hard to make up your mind , do n't you think ?
You can watch reality shows , cartoons and whatever you want .
You can watch international channels and live shows around the world , something that in the past would have been too good to be true .
On the other hand , when we think about the current programs ' style , even those shown on paid TV , it seems that nothing has changed .
They keep producing the same kind of programs , the same kind of movies and soap operas .
Moreover , the repetition is massive . I bet that at least once a week you can find that old series called " Friends " , ca n't you ?
Even knowing that not too much has changed our options nowadays still make television a very good tool to get the family together and have an enjoyable time .
Dear Sir / Madam ,
I am writing to express my dissatisfaction with the service I received when I spent a night at your hotel on 20th March 2014 .
Firstly , I must inform you that I was dissatisfied with the hotel receptionist , because he forgot to place my wake - up call and , as a result , I overslept and I missed my flight .
I had to buy a ticket for the next flight .
Furthermore , I was late for a very important appointment and I lost a lot of money .
I would recommend you to improve your standard and quality of service and to devote your attention to the staff in your reception .
I believe you should give this matter your urgent attention .
I feel that you should refund my costs for staying at your hotel and I demand a refund of the cost of the other plane ticket I had to buy .
I look forward to receiving your reply or I will be forced to take legal action .
Dear Sir / Madam ,
I am writing to inform you about one of the most interesting places in our town .
There are a lot outstanding views and places worth visiting but let me tell you about the Warriors Museum .
The Warriors Museum is the best known museum in the region .
It looks like a castle and there are many rooms with archery from the 11th to the 20th century .
The torture room is very popular with children but eager fans can also find something to suit them .
The guides are helpful and brainy - you can ask them any questions and they will answer .
The breathing landscapes you can see from the museum are also a great advantage .
The museum is located near the center of the city , you can get there by bus in 5 minutes or walk there in about 15 minutes .
Tickets cost 15 zlotys for students and 20 zlotys for adults .
I hope I was helpful . I look forward to hearing from you .
Yours faithfully ,
XYZ
My name is Arturo Archuleta , I 'm from Mexico and I 'd like to talk about my favorite sport , " Muay Thai " .
The first time I did Muay Thai was 5 years ago . At that time , I was n't sure about doing it because I did n't consider myself strong enough for fighting , that 's what most young people think , at least in Mexico and some other countries , and that 's one reason why people do n't do Muay Thai and it is not well known .
Well , you should know that bodily strength is very important in this kind of sport , but is not the most important thing . Mental strength is also important ; a mix of both strengths is necessary ; remember the body does what the mind commands .
It was hard at the beginning , just like when you start doing anything new , so here are some tips if you want to start doing Muay Thai .
Be confident
When you do any sport , you have to be confident in yourself , without confidence you will not have any progress .
Work on it , that 's part of mental strength .
Warm - up
Before starting the practice you should warm up , you do n't want to cramp up , right ?
Never give up
Muay Thai is a complete sport . You use arms , legs , elbows , knees , feet and more , that means you have to make a big effort .
If you do n't know how to kick or blow , ask your shifu ( teacher ) and keep doing it until you get it .
Practice
Practice makes perfect . Do research into Muai Thai 's culture , do research into Muai Thai 's methods .
All this will help you to improve .
Enjoy
You know you like a sport when you enjoy it and you feel comfortable doing it , that 's what I recommend you do . Enjoy yourself and be happy doing it , because Muay Thai is a beautiful sport !
I am an economics student at National Chung Cheng University , which is in Taiwan .
I would like to be a graduate school student of Financial Accounting at The University of Texas at Austin .
The reason why I want to change my major is that I found that I had a bigger interest in Accounting than in economics when I studied in the first year of university .
Another reason for being a graduate school student is to learn more practical knowledge which can be applied in my future career .
So , if I can join your school , I will cherish this opportunity and work hard in school .
When I was a child , my math score was better than in other subjects .
In the College Entrance Exam , my math got the highest score .
At university , my accounting grade was better than others .
I think I have a talent for numbers , and I can memorize numbers extremely well .
As a result , I enjoy studying accounting .
Also , I have some work experience that is relevant to Accounting .
My first job was as an assistant to my financial accounting professor .
My job was to find the company 's financial statement that corresponded to a news report .
This work needs lots of patience and time to complete .
Another job was a part - time job in Leofoo Village .
My work was to close the accounts every day , so my carefulness had to be improved during the time , because the money did n't belong to me .
I think patience and carefulness are two pivotal personal traits to major in financial accounting .
I believe my work experience can help me to be a better graduate school student of financial accounting .
This is a nervous and exciting decision for me , but I wo n't regret it and I am ready to join the field of Accounting and to be a graduate school student .
You wo n't regret choosing me to attend your school !
Mike was one of the best awardees in the class .
He 's been doing great in both academic and extra - curricular activities in the school .
He has been one of the players of basketball from when he was an elementary student until now he 's in college .
As the tournament began , he 'd been getting high points for his team , and because of that nice contribution they had won the game .
It had been a very intense and tiring day for all of them but Mike felt he had achieved something really good because fortunately he was the most valuable player too .
He 's not only doing excellently as a student , but he 's known as one of the most popular students because he works voluntarily as a coach for the younger kids in his town .
He wants other kids to be inspired also in everything they are capable of doing .
So in their generation they have something good that they contribute to society at their very young age .
For him , it 's absolutely right to begin doing something meaningful in their lives .
It might be a simple way but perhaps society will be proud of what are they doing .
As we all know , youth is the hope of our society and they have proven that .
A mistake is something you may do unintentionally . However , people believe that mistakes can later be improved or ignored , whereas sometimes we may make mistakes that could break somebody 's heart .
Michael was a teenager . Therefore , he was not mature like an adult , so his decisions were all emotional .
It was Christmas eve and a new girl came to the college .
Who was not only fair but a very attractive girl .
As soon as she entered through the college gate , everybody was smitten by her .
Michael had a very good old friend who had been with him in his good times and worse .
And they both had a great understanding . However , this innocent girl had caught the attention of all the viewers including these two .
The girl liked Michael 's friend , Henry .
Michael could not digest this fact , since he could not compromise on anything .
Michael thought of a dirty trick . He called Henry to a birthday party and took him onto the terrace and pushed him over .
Henry kept on shouting at him to stop and not to betray his oldest friend . "
Do not do such a thing that would make you regret it later " , Henry said .
Henry fell down and his head was injured . Michael left him to bleed profusely and later a pedestrian saw his body , tried to check his pulse rate , but found that he was dead .
Later , the girl discovered that Michael was behind the incident .
After the inquiry , Michael was put behind bars and the girl went away .
And Michael just had the regret all the way later
Have you ever thought about what your life will be like in the next 50 years ?
If you are quite young , you can expect to be alive in 2064 .
If you are old enough , you can see how far technology has progressed in the last 20 years .
It 's quite amusing to try to figure out what life in the future could be like .
First of all , oil should be overcome as a source of energy .
Provided that renewable sources are developed enough , we could live without pollution .
Secondly , we can expect to live in a hi - tech house , with smart furniture .
And there could also be robots . Why not ?
They could cook for us , drive our cars , wash our dishes , take care of our children and so on .
Medicine should have beaten a lot of diseases and maybe it could be ready to overcome aging .
On the one hand , we could live in a more relaxed way ; on the other hand , we could think about settling on other planets .
Would you like to live on the Moon ?
Can you imagine a holiday on Mars ?
Finally , you might think it will be a green , peaceful , enjoyable world .
The members of my family are my best friends .
Why do I think so ?
I 'll try to explain .
It is no secret that everybody needs at least one person to share his troubles or happiness with .
As a rule , a friend or psychologist plays this role .
We must pay to receive a psychologist 's attention , but friendship is free of charge .
Every day , we are looking for friends .
It 's a way to deal with the external world .
But what if nobody wants to talk to you ?
What if you 're alone and no one can understand you ( and you have no money and insurance to visit a psychologist ) ?
You return home .
There you can cure your sick heart .
Your parents always support and defend you . They are happy just to see you - their child , the result of their love .
They treat you for who you are and know all your faults , but still love you .
My parents are my best friends because I can trust them , love them and look forward to our meetings .
Thank your parents if they are alive and think about whether you will be a good friend to your future child .
THE LUCKIEST MAN IN CÁCERES
The luckiest man that you can know in Cáceres is called Sergio .
He is still in his twenties and he has studied computer engineering .
Until now , all had been normal in his life .
However , when Sergio finished his studies he was hired by Microsoft in the United States .
He had everything that any person would want to have : living abroad , earning a lot of money , having a partner , working for an international company , and so on .
Despite this , one day Sergio realised that what he was doing was not his true dream .
He did not want to earn a lot of money . What he really wanted was to earn enough money to travel around the world , and not a job which does not allow him to do his hobbies , although it gives him a lot of money .
Then Sergio left Microsoft , created his own website which gave him enough money , and travelled wherever he wanted .
Now he is a famous person on the internet because of his blog : ' Live to the fullest ' .
From : Rafa
To : Alex
Subject :
Sorry that I haven't written before but my mother has been using the computer all the time for work and I had to wait until she finished her work .
First , I think that 's a fantastic idea to go to the new activity centre . We 'll enjoy it a lot and discover new places .
Sounds perfect to me !
As you asked me , I prefer sailing on the river to climbing a wall because I want to connect with nature .
If we have extra time , we can do the other activity if you want .
At night , we can stay at home , as you said , and also we can buy chocolates and watch a movie . That 's great for me !
But you can tell me other options when I come to your home .
Finally , I 'm afraid my parents ca n't bring me to your home on Friday evening because it 's my grandfather 's birthday .
The population grows , with more business skyscrapers , residential houses and advanced transportation , at the cost of diminishing farmland and wetland as well as deforestation .
Though the modern cities are emerging rapidly , the problems caused by excessively exploiting the environment are severely various .
It is clear that habitats for all kinds of wildlife are vanishing as the bio - diversity decreases .
The red coral reef off the coast of Australia , for instance , serves as a shelter for algae and other tiny sea fishes and an index of environmental fragility .
Due to the massive construction of five - star hotels on beaches , the biological chain there is cut off and environmental variations are gone away .
On top of that , it is the regulation capacities of the environment for temperature , moisture and even sandstorms are eroding as less plants inhale carbon dioxide and exhale oxygen into the whole system .
What 's more , extreme weather occurs with EL NINO periodically causing catastrophic floods in northern cities in China and long - lasting drought in South American .
Because the population density is increasing all the time currently , the losses triggered by these disasters are damaging and unaffordable for any single family .
In a bid to address these side effects that civilization has brought about , governments must take measures step by step to tackle them .
Firstly , governing authorities should set up protection areas for animals and plants , banning hunting or even leisure activities like hiking .
Apart from the natural areas , the minimal areas for forests and wetland have to be ensured .
Secondly , the government must fund environmental organizations , in order to manipulate and coordinate more power to stop illegal hunting , deforestation and animal extinction .
Furthermore , the government should go out of their way to stand united in such a way that joint endeavours can be effective globally .
In conclusion , governments are supposed to balance modernization and sustainable development .
Hello Paula
I want to tell you about the concert at my school . It was really cool .
We prepared for it for a long time , but I had a wonderful experience .
I learned to decorate the stage and sew costumes .
My friend Make showed me how best to play the role of Snow White . It was very funny .
We had hard days too . We argued , but then quickly made up .
During the concert , one boy forgot the script and began to improvise .
All the audience began to laugh .
The concert was very good .
The course is going to finish , so the teacher wants us to go out to a restaurant .
The choice was n't easy because the teacher is vegetarian .
In the end , we decided to go to a restaurant near the school .
The owners cook all types of cuisine and we can go there after the lesson .
The atmosphere is friendly and familiar .
The prices are not expensive and the food is very good .
There are not many tables , but we are only seven people and this is n't a problem .
There is also a garden outdoors where we can spend a pleasant time together after lunch .
We will go there next Monday .
I have booked a table for eight people because our boss will come too .
We will eat a legume soup as a starter , a boiled fish with green salad as the main course and a dessert at the end .
I have just fixed the price per person .
We are going to pay 15 euros per person .
I think it will be a wonderful way to finish our English course where we have surely improved in writing , speaking and listening .
Therefore , I want to say a special thank you to our teacher .
In my area , young people have a lot of options .
I see most of them like to stay in the park downtown during the afternoon when the weather is good .
If the weather is n't good enough , they can find a lot of cafes open from morning until late at night and here , if they are old enough , they can also order alcoholic drinks .
There are many kinds of cafes , ones for those who like sports , art , literature or music .
At the " Soft Notes " , you can hear music played live every Friday and Sunday evening .
A lot of kids like to go to the park next to the church : it 's not related to religion , here every child is free to come and play .
In this place , there are guys and girls attending pedagogy who organize activities to entertain children of every age .
The most popular restaurant is " Mario 's Pizza " , where you can eat delicious pizza with the topping you like best .
While waiting for it , you can play video games in the basement .
Nowadays the type of transport that you use is a concerning matter for discussion .
Public transport includes buses , trains , and subway , but cars , bicycles , taxis are not forgotten .
At the moment of choosing , very different aspects , like ecological effects , economic viability and even time uses , take part in the decision .
Firstly , the car option is the best one in terms of comfort , because you do not depend on a specific time to travel and modern cars have the best technology in equipment and facilities .
Then public transport is not as comfortable as the former , because if you 're lucky , you can find a place to sit and forget it if it is in the rush hour .
On the other hand , traffic is the biggest problem when talking about transport , the car 's conveniences are replaced by the need for punctuality and , depending on the city , delays are a concerning point when we talk about travelling by bus or train .
However , the economic aspect is very important to consider when we talk about convenience . Cars are the most expensive mode of transport .
Not only because of oil prices , but also the costs of insurance , the car , the parking fees , etc .
In comparison with a bus ticket that costs four pesos and you are sure that sooner or later it will come .
To sum up , neither cars nor public transport are considered the perfect option , but considering the long term consequences , as is common nowadays in some European countries , bicycles are the best way .
Riding a bicycle reduces traffic , costs , ecological impact , and even car crashes .
So , why are you waiting to buy a bicycle and put a helmet on ?
Dear Jane ,
it 's so kind of you to send me my favourite Glaswegian postcards !
Say hello to Anne from me and tell her I ca n't wait to have you both here in Rome !
Well , to start with , I 'd like to attend an intensive English course ; you know I 'm fond of foreign languages and keen on learning English as much as I can .
I fancy living in a family and not in a college or in a shared flat as it will give me the opportunity to be continuously in touch with English people , day and night ; then , it is the ideal solution for me : you know I 've recently been given the sack !
What about looking for colleges which offer Wi - fi Internet connection and a proper meal at lunch ?
I 'm a greedy guts !
Looking forward to receiving your next letter , and on tenterhooks about the information you 'll provide .
Michael
Fashion , clothes style , trendy appearance , make - up , hair ...
Many people think that the first impression we give and our appearance are very important in our lives ; but , should it be like this ?
It is certainly true that people are very critical of appearances .
We have subjective opinions ; we normally judge because we have a preconceived idea .
We match clothes style with a lifestyle and a personality .
That is why appearances should not have consequences in our lives .
Most people would agree that fashion is something that plays a part in our day - to - day lives .
Normally , people choose clothes that famous people wear or that appear in the magazines .
However , there are people who do not follow that , and they wear the most comfortable clothes for them or the style they like most .
I think that there are many different occasions , and each one requires a different type of clothes .
For example , in work interviews and jobs that have direct contact with the public , it is better to wear a formal or smart style .
And the same applies with parties , festivals , sports and other events .
Overall , my personal opinion is that we give too much importance to clothes and appearance than we should .
Although on some occasions some clothes styles are required , people should have the freedom to choose what clothes they want to wear , and it should not have consequences in our lives .
The death of public transportation
People do not think about the environment , they only think about the time that they will spend in the traffic . Scientists say the new society can be called " the fat society " because the people do not want to do any exercise , people do not walk anymore , people just use elevators , etc .
A lot of convenience , this is the reason why there is no future for public transportation , people do not want to spend a little time walking to the bus station or to get a cab . Also , the service on public transportation it is not very good because of many things like the inflation of prices , the way that the bus or cab drivers refer to the people , the way the bus or cab drivers drive , etc .
In countries like Mexico , some people have the opportunity to use Uber , which is a service that you can use if you have a credit card . It is an amazing service , but not all the population have a car or the financial status to use an Uber , so people have to use public transportation , no matter if the bus or cab driver yells at them or drives badly . In Mexico , the public transportation , in particular the cabs , are not a very secure services , because some of the drivers steal and kidnap , in many situations they could kill you if you do not take precautions . But despite this , it is very sad that in that place people can not do some things because they do not have the possibilities to pay for something more , so they have to take public transport .
In countries like the United States of America , people have the opportunity to have a car or a privileged social status , so for the American people , public transportation does not matter . They have the possibility to take public transportation or not , they can decide , so they decide for convenience .
The future of public transportation can be death or can be in growth , it depends on your point of view . In Mexico , maybe it will never die , but in the United States the public transportation is now dying .
Anna knew that it was going to be a very special day for her .
She woke up and at once she felt something was making her happy .
She went to the kitchen and saw a beautifully prepared breakfast .
She wondered who could have made such a pleasant surprise .
Suddenly , she remembered that for three days she had been living with Chuck - her boyfriend .
She ate breakfast , dressed and went to work .
The day was very sunny and cloudless .
It was the first day of spring and everything was coming to life .
Flowers were in every colour of the rainbow , the leaves on the trees were turning green .
When she got to the office , she saw on her desk a note in a heart shape .
Anna opened it and read : " This day will probably be the best day of your life " .
She smiled and thought that it was a joke .
But moments later , she found a second letter with the same shape .
She opened again and again read : " Meet me at 11 at the fountain in the park " .
Anna looked at her watch and went as fast as she could run to the park .
It transpired that at the fountain stood Chuck , waiting for her .
When she got closer , he knelt on one knee and said : " Will you marry me Anne ? " .
She was shocked .
She had run out of words and just nodded her head , which means : " yes " .
Together they went back home and spent the rest of the day together .
At the end of the day , she said : " You 're right .
It 's the best day of my life " .
Sarah and Stephan are friends at the same school and also neighbors .
One afternoon , they were on the way home .
Sarah was concentrating on her cellphone , and Stephan was listening to music loudly on his MP3 .
After a few minutes , Sarah was chatting happily on the cellphone and did n't see there was a tree in front of her , so she bumped into the tree and hurt her head .
Sarah yelled loudly for help , but Stephan did n't notice or hear that , so he kept on walking and listening to his music .
Fortunately , there was a mother with her child strolling behind them , and she saw Sarah get hurt .
They took her to the hospital .
Stephan was still listening to music and crossing the street .
But he was n't aware that the traffic lights had turned red , so a car could n't go through .
The man in the car was very annoyed and pressed on his horn seriously , but Stephan did n't hear that .
The man got out of the car to tell Stephan to stop listening to music and pay attention to things around him .
Not until Stephan found that Sarah was lost did he call her .
And he found out that Sarah was in the hospital .
Stephan went to the hospital immediately to see how Sarah was .
Luckily , Sarah was fine because the woman who was walking behind them had called the ambulance at once .
Stephan was glad that Sarah was alright and also thankful to the woman .
After these incidents , not only Sarah but also Stephan realized how dangerous it is when you focus on technological gadgets instead of the things around you .
They are both determined to pay more attention to their surroundings .
Book Review :
The Hunger Games
I have just read the first book in a trilogy called The Hunger Games .
It is an action thriller written by Suzanne Collins .
When I started reading I could not put it down because it is a fascinating story that grabs you .
The story takes place in a country called Panem which is located in what was once known as North America .
Katniss , the protagonist , is a teenage girl of 16 who has been forced to poach to feed her family since her father died
An increasing number of people have begun to discuss success in school or work , and whether having an ability to adapt or adjust to conditions or circumstances is more important than having excellent knowledge of a field of study .
Many people air their opinions based on their own value system .
The majority of people tend to claim that having excellent knowledge of the research field is the most important for school or work success .
However , does the claim really ring true , conforming the real situation ?
I find myself not in agreement with such an idea .
It is my contention that people who have the ability to adapt or adjust to conditions or circumstances have a higher likelihood of being successful in school or work .
As far as I am concerned , there are a number of reasons to support my view .
To begin with , acquiring knowledge in today 's world is not the difficult thing that it was in the past .
That is to say , the invention of the internet made it available to everyone in the world .
People can easily obtain the latest knowledge by owning a computer that can access the network and having the ability to read .
In other words , the way to get knowledge is equal for everyone in the world .
That is why it should not be the key point that is considered the key to success .
In addition , education has already crossed the wealth gap .
To explain , there is a trend that many universities all over the world set up free courses for people who thirst for knowledge , also often inviting famous scholars to give a speech to the public that is open to everyone .
People in modern society have a lot of resources to further research the field of study that they are interested in .
Thus , everyone can be an expert .
Excellent performance in the field of study is not a determining factor for your success .
A case in point would be the latest news broadcast recently .
According to the investigation conducted by the 104 human resource bank , the percentage of people using the knowledge in the world of work that they learnt from school has surprisingly decreased in the last two decades by roughly thirty percent , a figure that has nearly one half compared to that of a half - century ago .
To put it simply , the things that school teaches us are no longer used in the real world .
This phenomenon had been curiously many experts .
Does knowledge from school make any difference in the world of work ?
However , after deeper analysis , we found that the very underlying contributing factor lies in the fast changing world and the text book can not catch up with it . Knowledge changes from time to time .
Hence , this research reminds us that the ability to adapt or adjust to changing conditions or circumstances is the major factor for success rather than of having excellent knowledge of a field of study .
In sum , there may be some people who may disagree with my position on this matter .
They may say that having excellent knowledge of a field of study is the way to succeed in school or work .
However , I think the reasons I have provided in favor of my viewpoint are stronger .
In this essay , I will discuss whether older or younger parents are better .
Nowadays , the statistics show that many parents are younger than in generations before .
I think there are more younger parents because they do not live in a religious culture which is far more strict .
Previously , most women used to have a baby after marrying their partners . But today , it is not so important anymore .
Every child wishes to have young parents , but is it really better ?
Actually , teenagers are right because younger parents have a stronger relationship with their children .
Apart from this , the small difference between ages is also an advantage .
Although they have less experience , they recognize what a child wants to do .
On the other hand , a disadvantage is that young parents are not able to protect their children without having experience of that .
At my age , young parents and I have in common that we go out in the evenings .
From my point of view , older parents can give better advice in every difficult situation .
So the child grows up from a teenager to a middle - aged adult and can always looks up to his / her parents .
However , progress in adolescence is important for the next stage of life , so I believe both are good at bringing up their children .
To conclude , you can not change your parents anyway .
It had been a very long and tiring day , but Tom felt he had achieved something really good .
Tom had faith this day would be better than the others .
He had n't recovered yet from the last scare he had that day .
He sat on his chair and looked out of the window .
" ..... " he looked at his hands .
He was shaking .
He shook his head and looked at the ceiling .
He started to do his homework , but he had trouble concentrating as the memories came back to his mind .
" I can't ... do it " , he slammed his head on the desk .
" I ca n't . "
He looked at the bathroom door and walked over to it .
He turned the lights on to see his face .
The same face as always .
When he looked down , he saw something on the floor .
It was a note .
" Tom . Tom . Tom . Tom , " it said .
That scared him .
It could n't be him again ...
He turned the note to see something .
" 1992 - 2015 " .
He felt it again .
The same feeling he had when he saw it .
He fell backwards and when he looked up , he saw it again .
" Tom . You are impolite .
You are late for your death date "
Everybody has got some ideas about how to live their own life .
It is very important to think about possibilities that could create your fortune .
There are two things that most influence my life .
First , there is my family that helps me to make a good decision . I have lived with my husband for more than ten years , so we know each other well enough to support each other .
A big family is a great basis for living happily together under one roof , but secrets are strictly forbidden .
If somebody in my family asks me for help , I need to know the whole true , without any potential lies .
That is why I teach my children to play fair .
On the other hand , there is one other very important thing in my life - health .
I am more than happy that I am healthy and my family members are healthy as well , because health is the most precious thing in the world .
There is only one thing in the world that you can not buy and that is health .
It is well known to the whole world that health is fair to the rich and poor equally .
In conclusion , if I have to think about one thing , which is more important in my life than the other one ,
I will always choose health , because when a person is healthy , he or she can do anything .
There are some solutions to prevent the rise in the consumption of sugar - sweetened drinks .
The first solution is to change the portion size of soft drinks , which means smaller size of beverages could contain less sugar .
The National Nutrition Survey(1995 ) points out that most consumption of beverages for a teenager per day is sugar - sweetened soft drinks .
Therefore , the changing portion size of soft drinks would be efficient to reduce sugar intake for teenagers each time .
The limitation of this solution is the public may not be satisfied with this size of soft drink .
To overcome that , the producer of soft drinks could take a investment to teenagers what size is suitable before changing it .
This would help the teenagers who drink soft beverages decrease sugar intake efficiently .
Another solution to this problem would be education .
Family education would be introduced to their kids .
The National Nutrition Survey(1995 ) reports that teenagers are the main soft drinks consumers and the most popular beverages are sugar - sweetened drinks .
Parents ' words are key to restricting their kids ' actions .
If parents educate their children to keep away from soft drinks or cultivate the awareness of drinking water .
They will not consume such a large number of beverages .
However , children my get soft drinks outside the family .
That requires parents building a model to show positive effects of living without soft drinks .
Therefore , their kids would follow their parents ' habits and behaviors .
In conclusion , increasing consumption of soft drinks is one of the issues to protect people from obesity .
A number of strategies could be efficient to address these problems .
Teenagers are the main target who drink too many soft drinks .
Therefore , parents ' education and changing portion size could be useful to address the problems which arise around teenagers .
If we take these measures soon and keep them up for a long time , obesity will not happen in the next generations .
We can say that Coyle 's idea is well developed thanks to two features that run through the chapter and the entire book : first of all , many significant references and specialized people are mentioned to define what " deep practice " is ( a psychologist , some experts in their own field , authors who have already analyzed that particular topic … ) ; secondly , but no less important , Coyle himself collected most of his information while visiting at least nine places , nine " hotbeds " ( 12 ) where talents grow , as a sort of collection of data gathered from laboratory experiments .
As a consequence , theory and examples proceed together in such a natural way , that the reader must undoubtedly exclaim , as if she / he were before a Sherlock Holmes investigation : " That 's it !
It has to be that way !
Coyle 's right ! "
In my day friendships were easily made with neighbours , schoolmates and social club friends .
Although we did not have the current social communication means such as Facebook , Twitter , Whatsapp , we were very sincere and close to each other , more than these virtual friendships prevailing today .
I have already experienced one friendship through an organization , International Youth Service IYS , a charitable association established for youth friendship .
In which we had to wait more than thirty days to send and receive one message that can be exchanged these days with one button press .
I have personal experience that dates back to 1987 . In that year , I started a pen friendship with a German girl called Claudia who was 17 years old then .
The surprise is , today I am 44 years old and Claudia is 40 years old and we still correspond with each other through the modern means of Facebook and Whatsapp . Of course , we can no longer wait for thirty days when we can chat and see each other live .
In my country , I hav had two close friends since we were about 7 years old and we still have a strong friendship now .
It is not necessary to agree with each other on everything where we always debate and challenge whose opinion is correct .
Meanwhile , we support each other in crises , regular life troubles and sickness .
Real friendships that are ever - lasting like what I actually made with my two best friends , should be founded on trust and faith .
The best of all in real friendships is to always believe in your friend 's abilities and be his real mirror for good and bad actions . He will be the same for you .
Skate or Hate
As I am in my late 20s , I 've found it hard to find a sports activity that would be neither as competitive as those in fashion in my country nor as demanding , so I could do it in my free time .
One fine summer 's day , I was walking along the streets of a coastal city when all of a sudden I came across a shop that caught my eye .
In one of the windows I found a skateboard and along came the memories of the year 2000 and the MTV channel that I was brought up on .
I thought to myself that could be a challenge and , with no second thoughts , I purchased the board .
It is since that day that I have tried to skate as much as possible and I love every moment of it .
It is funny how such a simple activity can bring so much joy into a person 's mind during the well - deserved breaks .
I suggest playing safe and being patient .
No future for public transport ?
Can use of your own car instead of public transport save you money , time and effort ?
Most people prefer a car rather than public transport .
However , the latest studies show a car is not always more efficient .
The right choice of means of transport has a big impact on your time and resources .
In deciding whether to choose a car or public transport we need to consider many factors , such as length of journey , time of day we travel , area we travel through , number of us , weather etc .
because there are cases where a car is much more efficient than public transport , and the other way round .
Recent studies found that travelling from a suburb to the city centre is much more efficient when combining a bike with a train .
It saves plenty of time by avoiding traffic jams and there is no need to search for a parking space .
In addition , travelling by train saves a great deal of money as there is no parking fee .
Moreover , there are discounts for regular journeys .
On the other hand , studies showed , in many other cases and especially in irregular trips it is more convenient to use a car .
A car is unbeatable for its flexibility .
It is much easier to use a car when going shopping , or making a leisure or occasional trip .
Although there are some disadvantages to using a car , such as traffic jams and high maintenance costs .
All in all , in most cases , using your own car can save you money , time and effort .
The popularity of cars confirms it .
In spite of that , studies say there are cases in which public transport is unbeatable .
Therefore , it has a safe place in our society .
The use of public transport has become an important issue nowadays .
There are those who try to avoid the use of public transport and prefer driving their own car due to the advantages it offers .
However , there are those who reject this and are in favour of the use of public transport .
I am going to explain why I think there is no future for public transport .
A great number of people think that driving your own car has more benefits than using public transport .
Firstly , it allows you to go somewhere directly , without finding out information about the timetables of public transport such as buses or trains .
In addition , sometimes you have to combine both of these in order to arrive on time at your workplace .
Another benefit of not using public transport is the time you can save .
For instance , if you have to go to another city by bus or train to reach your workplace , the time you waste since you set off increases .
Saving time in the mornings allows you to sleep more or to spend more time with your family .
Moreover , the use of your own car has more advantages . Travelling by car prevents you getting wet when the weather is rainy .
If you travelled by bus or train , you would probably spend more time walking along the streets to your final destination .
Despite the bad weather , if you travelled by car , you could park your car near your destination , so that you could arrive comfortably .
However , there are some people who prefer the use of public transport instead of using the car .
The government usually advise the population to use public transport to cut down pollution and the amount of gases which damage the atmosphere .
In addition , it is often claimed that it is cheaper than travelling by car .
Although it has some benefits , in most parts of the country , especially in the smallest towns , the public transport is not developed enough .
To sum up , I believe that public transport has no future because it makes you waste a lot of time , it is not developed enough in small areas and trains and buses are not frequent enough .
In my opinion , it could be useful hardly ever times , so a great number of improvements will be necessary .
.H. Lawrence 's saying " Nobody ought to own houses or furniture - any more than they own the stones of the high road " is an ambiguous saying that questions the needs of the people regarding a high number of properties .
First of all , to a certain degree , I agree with the idea of controlling the maximum number of properties one holds in one 's grasp , because this denies the possibility of exhausting the spaces that can hold another family .
This speaks to the idea of the government or another organization having control over houses and their furniture and making the people living there only the owners of their own goods .
This is an interesting concept because it can give the government the money it needs to solve its other problems and does n't necessarily break any rule of personal space .
Secondly , as I said , " to a certain degree " , the idea of controlling people 's choices regarding house choice and what they can do with their houses takes away a bit of their freedom , which is the complete opposite of what we should do .
Mankind has always striven for freedom in one way or another , and taking away control over their own house , their sanctuary , will not be taken lightly by them .
In conclusion , I can not say whether or not control over people 's houses and furniture will bring any help in today 's society , as we are only speaking hypothetically , without any form of testing . However , it does have its strong and weak points .
Dear Mr ... ,
First , I want to present myself . My name is Daniela and I 'm 16 years old .
My English is improvable but by speaking I hope that I 'll do it well .
I think that I 'm good for this job , because I really socialize with children .
I like organising activities and games to make people enjoy their time .
I 'm a cheerful person , so I would attempt to give my best to keep the attention of the children .
Also I 'm very responsible and hardworking , so I would take care of the children and I would do my tasks the best I could .
Finally , I want to say that this is an important opportunity for me to learn and to do new things .
It 's a wonderful adventure .
Sincerely ,
Daniela Conti
In this article I am going to write about my favourite sport , football .
I love football because it 's a team sport .
You feel that you are a part of the team and everyone is together .
It 's also a really fun sport to play .
It 's really fun when we are playing for different cups . Gothia , for example .
It is the world 's biggest youth cup and is held in Gothenburg in Sweden .
Another cup is Sweden 's second biggest cup and is called " Piteå Summer Games " and it is shortened to " PSG " .
Both cups are really fun to play in , and it 's really fun to go far in the cups .
My advice for people that are going to start football is that you just have to do your best .
And try to be a part of the team . Then it 's more fun .
And when a football training session goes badly , you must n't complain too much about it .
Just keep going and try to do it again .
Of course , you might be angry , but it 's not a big deal .
Everyone makes mistakes sometimes , even the best players in the world .
And finally , it is really fun to play .
Well , the part of the day that I enjoy the most is nighttime because it 's when I arrive at home and I have finished my whole routine , so I can take a break and I can do whatever I want and I can just relax , so I would say that nighttime is the most relaxing part of my day , so it is the one I like most .
I think there are things you need to plan because it 's important for your life , but it depends on the situation , because I also like to let things be and let them happen because they have to happen , so the majority of the time I prefer not to think about it and just let them happen and not to plan anything . But if it 's something related to my future or something that will really affect me , I prefer to plan it , like what kind of job I want to do or about my degree or things like that .
Sport centre
The sports centre in Ondara has visitors from several villages and from all age groups .
This centre offers various activities , like swimming pool , paddle , tennis , ritmica gym , judo , ballet ...
Furthermore , it has various coaches and a perfect timetable for parents that are busy in the daytime and for young people that need to go to classes after lessons .
This building is near the football pitch and basketball court .
In my view , it is a good location because children can do different after - school activities without moving too much .
Moreover , it is easier for parents .
I want to emphasize that , thanks to its full schedule and the number of coaches , adults , as well as children , can do different activities at the same time instead of having to wait .
On the other hand , the only disadvantage I can see is that there are n't activities for old people .
This centre should provide activities that do not require much physical effort for these kinds of people , like petanque or something like that .
Finally , to say that it is a perfect sports centre and inexpensive , including a range of activities .
A friendship that ends never started
You knew him for years or will meet him in a year .
Friends are important and make your life happier .
When you are in a hopeless situation , they have the right advice .
I have known my best friends since my childhood .
Thomas , David and I were neighbours and grew up in an ordinary quiet village .
We spent a huge amount of time together .
Thomas is looking for a thrilling job .
David is at a boarding school in Bern and will finish next summer .
Thomas is a small and fine fellow .
He is one of the most persevering people I know .
David looks boring at first sight , but in fact he is wetty .
His body is large and broad like an elephant 's .
David is always ready for a joke , but amazingly , he has the ability to appear serious .
Thomas is a calmer person and has control over circumstances .
When we meet and the two friends are walking side by side , they look like Laurel and Hardy .
I feel really glad to have friends who have time if I need something .
I really do n't like to travel by train or by boat .
My favourite way to travel is by plane .
It 's the fastest and most comfortable way to get to your favourite destination .
I especially like to have a first class seat on a plane .
It really feels like you are in a five - star Hotel in a luxury suite and not travelling 10000 meters above the ground .
If you need sun and warm weather , you only need to sit on a plane , enjoy your flight and take a break from your business and from work .
I do n't like to travel by boat , because it 's uncomfortable and it takes ages till you arrive at your destination .
Travelling by train is not an option for me .
It often happens that someone jumps in front of it and you feel the vibration when the train breaks the bones of the dead person .
I would like to talk about a diamond jewellery set that I gifted to my wife on our last wedding anniversary .
This is a set including one diamond necklace , one diamond pendant with a unique shape , one pair of earrings with diamonds and one ring for her ring finger .
The metal used in this set is 18k white gold .
The tool to communicate with foreigners .
Nowadays it is more common that people spend time learning another language .
There might be many reasons : for school , business , or just for private interest .
From my personal experience , I can say that if you learn a foreign language like English , you wo n't have a problem when you go abroad on holiday .
On the other hand , when you learn another language there 's not only benefits but also drawbacks .
You might spend time and money learning a language .
I want to learn English , and I go to college twice a week .
However , I must pay the fee and every evening it 's my commitment to study something or do my homework .
I suggest that all youngsters who want to learn another language ought to go abroad .
I 've lived in the United Kingdom for more than one year and I 'm learning better than when I was in my country .
Young people should have an experience like this .
Hi Jo !
How are you ?
I 'm very happy to hear your news !
If you would like to spend some time travelling , my country , Spain , is a fantastic place , because the weather is good most of the year .
There are beautiful cities to visit , like Madrid , Barcelona , Santiago , Valencia and all the cities of Andalucia , the south of Spain .
In Andalucia , the people are cheerful and welcoming to tourists .
I 'm from Córdoba , so I will tell you about the most famous sights in my city .
Cordoba is a thee hour train ride south of Madrid , and attracts visitors from all over the world
Córdoba is not as big as Madrid or Sevilla , but I love it .
The main attraction in Córdoba is the Mosque . It is a building where Catholic and Arabic elements are mixed .
It is the only Mosque in the world that is not oriented towards Mecca .
Outside of the Mosque you can see narrow streets with flowers and a Roman bridge . It is a wonderful chance to have a relaxing walk .
For a job , i recommend you travel to the coast in Cadiz , Malaga or Huelva and look for a job on the beach , because at the same time as you are on the beach , you could earn money .
Well , it 's time to go .
Write soon !
Lots of love ,
Lucía
Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately .
The bomb was going to blow up in a few minutes .
The train was still moving too fast to jump off and soon it would be arriving in Milan central station .
All in all , he would n't be able to stop the device .
Only a few long seconds spent thinking about what he had to do : he had to save the passengers .
He desperately ran through the train towards the driver .
He tried to push the door that led to the front of the engine , but it was locked from the inside .
A cold chill ran down his neck .
He was scared .
He wanted to cry .
Desperately he started to kick the door , furiously , blind with rage , harder , faster .
The door opened .
Then he saw the driver was lying dead in his chair .
He had been shot in the head .
Fortunately , a voice from the radio was trying to contact the man .
In a hurry , he dashed to the microphone and answered the control station .
" Where are the brakes ? "
Now in the distance he could see the first skylines of the city .
The train finally stopped .
That day he became a hero .
He saved 220 people and among them he met the girl that 5 years later became his wife .
I played basketball for three years and it was a great experience and I had a lot of fun .
I enjoyed playing basketball , not only because I wanted to play a sport , but also because it 's a healthy way of living .
If you play a sport , you improve your abilities because you 're working in a team in which all the players have the same aim in the game : winning the match .
The advice that I would give people that would like to start playing this sport is that they should have a bit of experience of working in a team that is full of new people .
The most important thing that a person should know about this game is that a lot of intelligence is required , because you must know how to reach , how to get nearer to making your aim become reality , and that is that the team should score as often as they can to win the match and have fun .
In my opinion , this sport will always be my favourite , because it made me feel happy and have a great time with my friends , and it also kept me in good shape .
Dear Sir ,
I am writing to you in response to your advertisement which I saw on the noticeboard of your school .
I am applying for this position because I would like to work as an organizer .
I think it will enrich my CV .
In my opinion , I am the perfect candidate for this vacancy .
First , I have achieved a good level of English because I have lived in the UK since July 2012 .
I like managing the conversation in a group .
I will permit everybody to explain his point of view .
Also I like watching every kind of film .
If you need a reference about me , you can contact Mrs Georgie , my English teacher .
I enclose my CV , which gives full details about my experience , ability and skills .
I am looking forward to hearing from you .
Yours sincerely
I strongly believe that research has valuable benefits for society and the environment .
For example , making life better and more comfortable .
Bachelor 's paper [ 1 ] is one of the good sources describing what research means .
He mentioned an important point of doing good research .
First of all , researchers should be interested in what they are doing .
Being interested in the area of research leads to innovation and optimizes ideas that already exist .
Second , critical thinking , which is deep thinking about the problem and the way to solve it , is an important factor in successful research .
Also , honesty , originality , which is the ability to think critically , independence and creativity , and precision make research more valuable .
Moreover , working as a team for research , allows researchers to gain lots of research benefits .
Such as ideas and learning more about the best methods to analyze data .
All members of the team will get benefits and push each other to achieve the goal by giving some advice and more information .
In addition , clear , easy to understand , and precise scientific papers are one way to present , share , and discuss the ideas and results with others in a scientific environment .
Also , seminars are other good sources to come up with and listen to a new idea .
Exchanging information with other researchers , via scientific papers or seminars , sometimes provides solutions for other researchers ' problems .
Researchers should not give up when they face difficult problems with the research and should keep trying different ways to solve them and they will do it in the end .
To conclude , there are some important research principles .
Whenever researchers consider most or all of them when working on the research , researchers will get results with a high precision .
Researchers experience their research as an enjoyable activity .
There are two choices to travel : in your own car and by public transport .
I prefer to travel by car for these reasons :
First , I can travel in my own car whenever and wherever I want .
For example , if I travel to my company by bus , I must be on time and follow the bus schedule .
Sometimes , the bus schedule is not suitable for me .
Maybe the bus comes too early or too late for me to go to work .
Traveling by car , I can choose the time .
Moreover , I can choose my own route to go to work .
I can stop at my favorite coffee shop to buy drinks for breakfast .
Second , I feel comfortable when I travel in my own car . I hate to travel by public transport because it is sometimes too crowded and noisy .
In rush hours , I do not have a seat and I stand all the time for half an hour .
In my own car , I can relax with music and enjoy fresh air .
Furthermore , I do not worry about theft or any crime which used to happen when I traveled by train .
Generally , although traveling by public transport is cheaper than by car .
However , I find traveling in my own car has many more advantages than disadvantages .
Therefore , I think public transport will disappear in the future .
Dear Paul ,
As I told you before , last month I was helping at a concert of the greatest band in the world - Atmasfera .
I was so happy when I heard that they were coming to Katowice !
Immediately , I contacted their manager , asking if they could do with some help .
She said that they would need someone who can take care of their performance outfits .
That was such a good idea !
Not only was I close to them , I was also doing something I 'm really good at !
The day before the concert , I met the band members , and we started trying on clothes for the next day .
We had so much fun !
They turned out to be such wonderful people . They treated me like an old friend , making jokes all the time and even invited me to eat dinner with them .
On the day of the concert , I met the band two hours before the start . I ironed all the clothes , I even did the girls ' hair .
When the concert hall was full , the band came on the stage .
In the spotlights , they all looked so beautiful !
I felt like that was partly my doing .
I was part of the team .
That was what I particularly liked about that experience !
I was dancing and singing all through the show , and after , the manager came to me and asked if I would like to work with them full time .
I will have to sleep on it .
What do you think I should do ?
And how was your weekend ? Hope to see you soon !
With love ,
Maria
There is no future for public transport ?
It 's not true .
I ca n't imagine our world without public transport .
I regularly take trains to go somewhere .
So do other people in my country , especially old people who have not got their own cars .
I catch buses regularly and see a lot of people there .
You can imagine how great the idea of leaving your own car and taking a bus to go to work or go shopping is .
Another good idea is to use bicycles .
I 'm glad that every year we have such a wonderful day called " A day without cars " or something like that , when people try to use public transport rather their own cars .
We can help our environment to be healthier !
Dear Jane ,
Thanks for your letter - it was great to hear from you .
I was absolutely thrilled to read that you 've got a job as a tour guide in the Congo rainforest !
Well done !
I 'm sorry it has taken me so long to write , but I have been working my fingers to the bone preparing for my exams , about which I 'm annoyingly nervous .
Speaking of nervousness , I think I 've found a solution for you to shake off your nerves about using the English tenses correctly .
You wrote that this sometimes made you stutter during tours , which made you feel rather uncertain .
However , there 's no need to worry any longer , if you have a look at www.elihinkel.org/tips/tenses.htm .
On this website , you can find a clear , detailed explanation of the tenses , with illuminating animations .
I have got to sign off now , I 'm afraid .
Hopefully , you 'll be able to visit the site .
I 'm sure that if you spend some time studying the information you can find there , you 'll have mastered the tenses next time we see each other .
Keep me posted on your experiences in the jungle !
Love ,
Suzanne
Recently Google , a multi - million dollar company , which is not only famous for search engines , is working on self - driving cars .
Getting into your car and giving the directions and then having a stress - free drive towards your destination and letting a computer take control of your ride is not a distant dream anymore .
But are driverless cars as safe as old - fashioned cars ?
It is surely a fact that autopilots in car 's sure are handy .
It takes hours to drive to and from ; hours where one just has to concentrate on driving , hours that are futile .
Although it must be admitted that driverless vehicles are expected to help children , the blind , the elderly and others who currently can not safely drive themselves .
On the other hand , it will lead to more driving , because smarter driving reduces the cost per mile of vehicle usage .
The end result of additional driving could be more traffic and more aggregate fuel consumption .
To put the whole matter in a nutshell , the self - driving system is good for preventing accidents .
However , you should still be able to drive yourself you can not only rely on that system , it is still not free from errors .
The Colosseum is a beautiful structure in the heart of Rome , Italy .
More than two thousand years old , it is still standing .
Even though it is in ruins , visitors from all over the world come to see it .
It was an immense amphitheater .
Thousands of people fought as gladiators .
Today , not many amphitheaters are standing .
It is in the shape of an oval but most of it is broken .
The Italian name , Colosseo , is quite close to English .
Visitors can enter it and admire the inside .
The Colosseum is quite a tall structure .
It is the most popular amphitheater in the whole world .
Come and visit the Colosseum and discover its beauty !
Dear Sir / Madam ,
I am writing to you in order to apply for a position as the person who will organise a Film Club in your language school .
Last year I passed the FCE exam with a grade A , which is evidence of my excellent English skills .
I like to spend my spare time watching films , so in this way , I both improve my English and relax .
During the last year , I watched a lot of famous and priced films , so that I am prepared to follow discussions about them .
I am a communicative person and I often meet with my friends .
Among my acquaintances I have a reputation for being a friendly , positive and talkative woman .
In my job , I have daily work with groups of people and I give presentations in front of them .
I have good organizational skills and can explain things clearly in order for people to understand them easily .
I work in a part - time job , so I am free on Monday and Wednesday evenings .
I think I am suitable for this job and it would be а pleasure for me to organise your course .
Yours faithfully
Nikoleta Uvarova
Have you ever imagined your life without computers ?
Many people consider them indispensable .
Like many other things , it seems to me that it involve different positive aspects to everyone .
In fact , a significant number of people agree that computers have made our lives much easier than before .
Nowadays , you can chat with your friends via computer even if they are on the other side of the planet .
Computers help us with organizing our data . Also you can find any information you want very fast as it has lots of search engines .
Another reason is that knowing how to use a computer is necessary in most jobs .
A lot companies advertise their goods on the Internet , so millions of people know computers enable us to automate various tasks that we can not do manually and that is really helpful .
Computers can help you with your homework by finding the information you need .
Finally , in my opinion , computers are very useful to all of us .
He had to study more than ever in his life .
The first partial tests were going to be soon .
Every day , every hour , he found himself thinking about the future .
The job he 'll have , the clothes he 'll wear , the food he 'll cook ... he had almost every inch of his future planned .
But first , he had to pass the exams .
That was the key to opening the treasure chest full of golden opportunities .
Like his mother , he would work as an advocate .
He would make a name for himself by working hard , and his family would be proud .
The truth is that everybody had really high expectations of him .
The idea of becoming the people 's protector face to the law , was n't his .
When he was little , he heard his family talking about how happy they were because his brother Peter was following in the footsteps of his mom .
Sadly , Peter was no longer with them .
Michael 's mother cried for months and his father tried to look strong , but you could hear him sobbing at night .
Michael thought that playing his brother 's role would help .
He closed the door and knew at that moment that he had made a mistake .
Dear Madam / Sir ,
I have read your hotel 's advertisement about the Niagara Fall s romance package in a newspaper .
I am writing to you because I am interested in booking this service at your hotel and would like to receive some further information in advance .
First of all , could you provide me with information about the total cost of the package ?
What I am most interested in , is a room with a fall s view .
Can you assure me of getting one by all means ?
Since I want to spend a night with my partner at your hotel at the end of December , I need a confirmation on your part of providing a room at that time .
Can I be sure that the hotel will not be booked up between Christmas and New Year 's Eve ?
In addition , could you provide me with information about the nearest airport and about the way to get to your hotel from there ? We must know this for any case since we are going to travel by plane from Budapest , Hungary . I would be pleased if you could assist me in booking a cheap flight as well .
I am looking forward to hearing from you soon with all the details which you can provide me with .
Yours faithfully ,
Vera Borbála Solt
We live in the century of speed .
Each year we use more and more types of transport : buses , trams , subway , trains , airplanes , etc .
And of course , we use more and more personal cars .
Do I think that public transport will disappear in the future ?
Yes I do .
One of the reasons is time .
Now we are spending too much time waiting for public transport and , of course , we would like to get to our destination as fast as possible , but public transport does n't provide such a possibility for us .
That is why we try to buy a personal car .
Furthermore , we use personal vehicles or rent cars for travelling , because it is more convenient and gives us the feeling of independence .
I understand completely that some types of public transport such as airplanes and ships , will exist for some time .
But this is an exception , because existing technologies do not allow the usage of such personal transport as we want at this time .
But , the future will change this situation .
Helping Strangers
I usually help people when needed , I do n't like to be a bystander .
First of all , my altruistic nature is due to my biological desire to help others .
For instance , one day I was walking in the park when I saw a girl falling down from a children 's swing in the playing area . I helped her immediately , and after I was sure that she was fine , I called her mother and told her about this incident . She thanked me a lot .
I thought she was my responsibility , but it ca n't be the same every time .
In addition , young people display altruistic behavior from the 18th month .
For example , last week I was stressed out , so I lost my phone at the university . I did not realize that until I returned home . While I was on my way to the university , my little sister prayed for me to find my phone .
So , in my opinion , children when they are witnesses always want to help strangers .
Finally , scientists hypothesize that our brains are helpful enough when we can help out other people .
Dear Alison ,
Hi !
How are you ? I hope everything is alright .
I 'm writing to say that I 'd be delighted if you were my guest at home next month .
Now let me give you some advice about how to get to my place in Madrid .
When you get to Barajas airport you 'll have to take the subway and go to Atocha station and there you 'll have to change line and catch line three to get to Sol station .
I 'll be there to meet you .
If you 're not up for that , you can just get a taxi at Barajas airport to the same destination .
I strongly recommend the first option because it 's cheaper than the second one .
Besides , this way you can have an exciting start in Madrid .
If you get lost in the metro , do n't worry .
Give me a ring and I 'll pick you up wherever you are .
I hope to hear from you soon .
Best regards .
Juan
Saving the environment
As we know , our planet 's condition is getting worse every day .
This is because human activity releases into the air substances that damage several things on our planet , such as the atmosphere and ecosystems .
Global warming , deforestation and drought are some of the consequences . Therefore , we should do countless things that appear to be meaningless , but if everyone does them we can live on a much healthier planet .
Every day , scientists try to develop new ways to improve the way we live , so that we are able to pollute the planet less .
One of the things discovered by these scientists is Eco - homes . Eco - homes are a type of home that helps us cause less damage to the planet and atmosphere in our everyday life .
It sounds a little bit strange , but by installing solar panels and other features in these homes , we live a much greener life . Undoubtedly , there will be some changes but , because we know why we are doing it , there would be no problems .
Also , the effects of those actions would be huge and would help improve the environmental situation . Nevertheless , we will still have to change some activities and be less self - centred , so that we can all work for a greater objective .
In my opinion , in a decade we will be living in these homes . I ca n't wait to experience it .
I do several sports , but my favourite is football .
I play football twice a week at least .
I enjoy playing this sport because it is very funny and competitive .
Furthermore , football gives you the opportunity to make friends because it is a team sport .
With football you can move all the muscles in your body and also exercise your mind , thinking about what is the best pass or when you should run or stop .
If you want to start to play football , my advice is to be fit , because if you are n't , you might hurt your bones or muscles .
In order to be fit , you can run or ride a bike for two or three weeks and , after that , you will be prepared to play football .
The equipment is very important too .
So wear comfortable clothes and good trainers .
I recommend you to play it with your friends , but if you are in a new city , you can search for teams on the Internet .
There are a lot of opportunities .
To improve your skills , you can practise alone and you will become better than before .
So play football and enjoy it .
Hi Jay !
You 're right , in fact it was very difficult for me but I finally took this decision because I want to have new experiences .
I'm very excited ! I 'm going to the United Kingdom in a week 's time , but I 've already made some plans for it .
First of all , I 'd love to visit new places .
Would you mind making a list of places you like the most ?
Moreover , I need to organise a tandem to improve my English , but if that wo n't work , I could attend an English course .
Do you know any language schools ? They 're very expensive , so I will need more money .
Speaking about money ... I really need to find a job !
I have to earn money if I want to stay there for half a year !
And my parents refused to give it to me because they say I must become indipendent .
Will I succeed ?
Who knows ...
In the meantime , what about helping me to find a part - time job ?
I definitely ca n't get a full - time job 'cause I want to relax and have fun .
Text me if you find something for me .
Best wishes .
Eleonora .
St . Petersburg
Russia
23.05.14
Dear
I 'm very glad to receive your letter . I had n't heard from you for ages .
How are you ?
These are my answers to your questions .
My class visits museums once a month .
My favourite museum is the Hermitage , which is in the heart of my city .
I think that everybody should visit it because you can see beautiful paintings by gifted and famous artists .
It 's a great idea to go hiking with your family .
When and where are you going hiking ?
Have you bought any equipment yet ?
Did you go hiking last year ?
Hope to hear from you soon .
Best wishes ,
Inna
The Vietnamese education and study system is completely different from the Australian one .
Like Asian countries , such as Korea , China , and Singapore , the Vietnamese education and study system is really harsh and highly competitive for all students , especially for primary students .
Firstly , the primary education and study system in Vietnam is very hard .
They have to study a lot , with 5 - 6 subjects in a semester .
These subjects mainly focus on math skills , grammar , writing , but there are not any courses related to life and communication skills or innovative science .
All subjects are less flexible and all students learn the same programs at the same time .
Meanwhile , the Australian education and study system is easier and more enjoyable than the Vietnamese system .
In a class , there are very few students with many more flexible study programs .
Primary students are taught many different life skills by teachers at school .
Additionally , the subjects in the school are given with the aim of developing the thinking and creativity of students .
They also play many interesting sports .
Secondly , it is not only the school but also Vietnamese parents of primary students who are expected in the education of their children .
They usually hope that their children will get the highest scores in school .
Therefore , outside school , Vietnamese parents want to send their children to tutorial classes , such as math , writing , grammar , … .
Consequently , Vietnamese children do n't have any life skills and have many health problems , such as short - sightedness , tummy - ache , spinal column … Sadly , the proportion of Vietnamese children who are short - sighted has tended to increase in recent years .
Meanwhile , Australian parents also care about their children but in a different way to Vietnamese parents .
Outside school , they send their kids to sports centres or social activities .
To sum up , Australian children are happier than Vietnamese children . I think that primary students need to spend more time playing and enjoying their childhood .
I loved climbing from the word go .
My first time was an exciting experience I will never forget : the touch of the rock , the height , the pain in your fingers ... I like climbing because this sport makes me feel alive , even if sometimes I feel fear .
But do n't think that climbing is a dangerous activity!. Although you climb to the top of a rock wall , you always do it with checked safety equipment .
Firstly , if you want to climb you will need , at least , a partner .
You must trust your life to this person , so it 's important you get on with him or her .
It is perhaps for this reason that people who climb are often couples !
Moreover , climbing is a sport in which it 's not too important if you are a man or a woman , because you do n't only use your strength but also your balance .
You should try this amusing and thrilling sport because it 's a sort of competition with yourself : every day a little bit higher , every day a little bit more difficult .
If you take up climbing , I 'm sure you 'll carry on ! !
My holidays
I love holidays and summer , the season I like best because of a lot of things . In summer I always go to the mountains , to my grandparents ' house , where I have fun with my uncles and cousins .
Grandma 's food is great and I spend days staying outside , playing badminton or volleyball or having a walk in the woods .
Some days we go on a long trip too .
We take food and drinks and we spend a day in beautiful places such as the top of a mountain , an amazing castle or a typical market in a town .
But what I love best are the afternoons with my favourite cousin , Sara , and her brother , Luke .
We play Risiko for hours : we 're never fed up !
In winter it is even better : there 's a lot of snow and we often go skiing on the nearby peaks . Skiing is my favourite sport , I have been doing that since I was five and I love doing the most difficult slopes , and Christmas is beautiful with the people I love best .
These are some reasons why I love mountains and why I spend most of my holidays there .
we were in cold
Hi Mitak ,
I have recently watched The Ultiamtum of Bourne and I 'm so excited to share it with you . I believe you 'll absolutely love it .
It is an action movie that involves the secret games of the CIA .
The film is about this CIA assassin who ca n't remember his past , but he knows he 's being chased by the agency .
Eventually , he reads about a journalist who is writing about him and a program called Black Brare .
Just before the assets get the journalist , Jason Bourne helps him to escape .
He tries to get some information from the guy , but unfortunately a sniper shoots him dead .
I will not tell you what happens afterwards so as not to spoil it for you .
My friend , I can not recommend this film enough .
It is a work of art indeed .
If you 'd like to see it , I 'm going to come along with you to the cinema , because I really want to watch it again .
Dear Paul ,
I 'm sorry I haven't written to you for so long .
As you know , I was really busy last month .
My teacher asked me to organise a charity concert in our school .
My task was to find a band of musicians who would play at our concert .
I must admit it was really hard to find a really good group of players , who would juice up the audience and also play for free .
I decided to organise a casting .
It was so exciting and funny listening to all those musicians , because some of them actually did n't have the skills to play and did n't have the charm needed to warm up the people .
In the end , all went fatastically .
We managed to raise much more money for a good cause than we hoped to raise .
That 's all for the time being .
Write to me soon and give my regards to your parents .
Bye ,
Paula
Throughout my life , I have lived in a few cities and villages located in the South of Russia .
Each of the cities has a unique set of means of transport .
In villages , the only means of public transportation is small buses , most of which can carry up to twenty passengers at any moment of time .
In regional centers , most people commute on trolleybuses and trams .
The latter is the transport of choice of most people because its passengers very rarely waste time in traffic jams thanks to dedicated railway lines .
Those who are not satisfied with the public transportation system may use private vehicles .
I estimate more then 99 percent of them are cars .
Rarely do we see bicycles and scooters .
I used to travel on buses .
But recently I bought a cheap bike and really enjoyed cycling in the summertime .
Now , in November , the weather in Russia is not so good , so I switched back to buses .
My latest dream is to ride on the EuroVelo roads network .
I expect it to be much more suitable for bikes compared to local roads .
I hope the road surface quality in Russia will improve year by year .
Hello , my name is Nina Joly and I 'm seventeen .
I still go to high school where I study four languages ; French , Spanish , English and Italian .
Thanks to my mom , to my travels and to the people I 've met , I 've learnt how to speak fearlessly and quite fluently in English .
I absolutely love children and they honestly love me ; I think it is a sort of a gift , because not all people love children and can get on well with them .
I 've had a little bit of experience of summer babysitting for some kids . In Italy it is more difficult to be a babysitter because , if you are underage , parents should take responsibility for you , so it is better to be over 18 .
I love playing with kids , but , as always , there are some rules that have to be followed .
The most important rule , in my opinion , is " having fun without hurting or getting hurt " .
During those few times through which I built up my experience , we all played together and we cooked together , so I taught them how to make some chicken and some pasta in the Italian way .
To be honest , I 'm not the best cook ever , but I can cook a few good things like scrambled eggs , pasta and meat .
One of my characteristics is that I 'm a very precise person . For example , I enjoy making lists because they make my mind clearer , and I strictly follow what I wrote so everything , hopefully , ends well .
Thank you for your time and attention .
Trust in flying with a horse
I really like many sports in this world . I go to the gym daily to stay fit and healthy .
But my overall favourite sport is riding horses .
I ' ve been doing it since I was six years old .
It is so fascinating for me to build up a relationship with the horse you ride .
You know what is the most important thing about riding horses ?
It is all about trust .
If you provide confidence , the horse will trust you .
With this reliance , you can go through everything together .
Many people think it 's not really a sport .
But believe me , riding uses so much endurance !
What I like most about all the different aspects of riding horses is jumping .
I feel so free when I can fly over those obstacles .
Another good feeling is the speed when you gallop .
Surely this is not everything .
Riding also means cleaning the horse and looking after it , but never mind , it 's the best sport you can do .
As the production of cars has increased , it seems that the need for public transportation has declined .
Some insist that no one will need a bus or the subway in the future .
However , in my opinion , it will instead be useful to use public vehicles as time goes by for two critical reasons .
First , people do n't want to waste their time finding parking lots .
The more people have their own cars , the more space to park is needed .
Unfortunately , there is a certain limit to space , so it is not possible that everyone can use their car every day , especially in mega cities like Seoul , New York , and London .
It is more convenient to move from here to there when you take the bus or subway , because you do n't have to worry about your car while working .
The second reason is more important and obvious .
It is related to the environmental issues .
Using public transport means helping to protect the Earth from air pollution .
There are so many kinds of problems which environmental pollution causes .
Pollution is a kind of global issue which people should take seriously .
Without reducing personal vehicles , there is no solution to that problem .
Surely , the government will try to make a better system of public transport because they want citizens not to use their own means .
For these reasons , there will be a future for public transport , always .
Moreover , it is quite likely that people will need more public transport than private transport .
Dear Sir ,
I am writing to enquire about the job of Camp Assistant in a summer camp , which was advertised in a magazine .
I am 25 years old and I finished my studies in psychology this year and I am available to work from July to September .
I am a very active person and I am accustomed to doing different kinds of sports activities , such as swimming and riding .
I consider myself a responsible person with the ability to face any kinds of problems .
As for languages , I speak native Spanish and Catalan and also I speak French and German fluently and recently I passed the First certificate in English .
I feel that I have the right experience and qualifications to do this job .
If you think that I am the most suitable person to be recruited , I would be interested to hear from you .
Yours faithfully ,
Mary Smith
This topic leads me to think of the professional skill " Architecture design " .
This results in different views on whether people agree that the best things for improving people 's lives have already taken place .
I hold the belief that the topic is completely wrong for me , even if some improvements are easy to use and solve most problems .
First , the growth of the population still continues , the space for living is still a serious problem , although the skyscraper has already solved most problems related to the population crisis .
On the other hand , the skyscraper causes more problems , such as pollution .
For example , I designed the high - rise architecture in a highly populated city in Taiwan .
The skyscraper provides more space for excess population . However , the building will produce more pollution if the skyscrapers are constructed from modern materials , such as steel and concrete .
They will destroy the environment when the raw material digs out from the site .
The pollution will harm the local people and the environment from the site of raw materials .
This is why I mentioned that the problem still exists and the problem only moves to other regions and types .
Second , computer systems look like they solve most problems . However , these systems are more dangerous in specific situations .
A " BUG " may appear from a man - made system because of incomplete coding .
That is why our personal information always leaks to the " hacker " .
For instance , when we enjoy the electronic commerce and shop for goods on the Internet , the hacker may steal private information at the same time .
They will use that information to steal people 's money over the phone and we will trust them because they have the correct personal information .
This is a normal phenomenon in Taiwan . However , the police ca n't do anything because of the hacker 's anonymity .
That is why I said that the best improvements still do not exist , even though computer systems have already solved some problems .
Of course , some people may be moved to disagree with my position on this issue .
That being said , I still feel the reasons I have presented are strong ones , such as architecture and computer systems .
Dear Jane ,
As soon as I read the letter about your problem , I decided to write you at once and give you some suggestions , since I have a similar interest in physical fitness , too .
I feel very strongly that daily exercise is a basic definition which we must keep if we want to be in shape .
To start with , a simple way to work out is not to get the bus to school .
For example , you could go on foot or on your bicycle accompanied by your friends instead . By doing this , you will burn more and more calories daily without special equipment and having fun with your pals .
Furthermore , if I were you , I would go with joining a health club .
For instance , signing up for hip - hop dance or aerobic classes as I do would be a nice idea .
In this way , you will do hard exercise without realising it , as you will enjoy yourself at the same time .
What is more , it could help if you worked out at home and bought gym equipment such as a treadmill or a bicycle .
By Doing the household chores , like the washing , is another way to exercise as well .
As a result , you will save time and embarrassment , especially if you are out of shape .
To sum up , if you follow my advice , you 'll see results directly and I 'm sure you will not regret it .
You will not feel self - confident and happy , but your outward appearance will be better .
Friendship today
Friendship is actually a really important issue nowadays .
There are plenty of ways to make new friends .
Facebook , Twitter … all of these social networks offer us the easiest way to make new friends .
But are they real ones ?
In my opinion , the best way to develop your new friendship is meeting them ; having a coffee , a drink or whatever .
Talking is truly the only way to get to know people and establish strong bonds .
In addition , some people try to find friends who always agree with them .
However , it could be a little bit unhealthy .
To be frank , a best friend has to offer you a different point of view and , what is more , it is important to say no sometimes .
For all of these reasons , we have to take care of our friendships these days and social networks are OK for being in touch with your friends . But if you want to make new ones .
Go somewhere !
And meet new people !
Money : essential for youngsters ?
At the age of eighteen , most British students are finishing secondary school .
A new , tougher world is in front of them as they get ready for college or to embark on their professional career .
Family financial support , at this stage , seems almost essential .
With this in mind , some questions arise : should young people be given money easily or should they put in a great deal of effort to get it ?
Should parents prepare the ground for their sons ' success or just let them work hard to build their lives ?
We have to admit that toil and trouble are urgent needs of this younger generation .
Why do we call them youngsters ?
Because they are young , and there is no problem with that .
But there comes a time when they are supposed to make it to adulthood .
At this point , lack of money might be a blessing in disguise .
The more they sweat to chase their dreams , the faster they mature and the more they prize what they earn .
I 'm not dismissing the idea of financial aid , though .
Do n't get me wrong , please .
What I 'm doing is challenging the way we approach it .
We have to preserve the ethical value of maintenance at the same time as we help the next generation to succeed by their own means .
If we can provide youngsters with money and still avoid their growing lazy , then financial relief is welcome .
Undoubtedly , I 'm presenting a major challenge to every parent : will we be able to take care of youngsters and yet teach them that money does n't grow on trees ?
Money is almost essential , but the way young people learn to interact with it is essential to shaping a society that appreciates what it obtains through effort .
My holidays in Spain ( 2nd part )
My holidays were here !
I arrived in Spain on Sunday morning . It was a lovely sunny day in Malaga .
I arrived extremely exhausted , because I could n't sleep the night before .
I had to wait in the airport !
When I arrived home , I just wanted one thing , to sleep , so I did .
I slept all the afternoon .
I was really tired !
Monday , I had the typical " family day " . I ate with all my family in our cottage .
Then I met with my friends and we had a nice evening drinking some beers in the pubs .
The Tuesday was an extraordinary beach day .
All day I was lying on the beach , talking with my friends and having an incredible time with them .
Wednesday was the relaxed day .
I was at home all day with my cat watching English films and eating Spanish dessert .
In Andalusia , at Easter , the typical dessert it 's called " pestiño " .
It is a sweet olive oil pastry with honey .
My mum prepared it the day before , and it was really yummy .
I almost ate it all !
My family is Catholic so at Easter , the main days for our religion are Thursday and Friday . It 's the same for my family too .
I 'm Catholic . I believe in God , but I 'm not very friendly with the Vatican 's rules .
I 'm a free Catholic .
Probably it sounds weird , but I 'm on my way .
Those two day were family days . I had to go to the church to a mess which represents the last days alive of Jesus Christ : the last supper and the passion .
At least , this weekend I did n't do anything special , because I felt tired and I had n't got enough money to make any special plans .
Finally , the day to come to England had arrived .
On Monday , I came back to London and my holidays had finished .
See you soon Spain !
In my opinion , public transport is the future , because its quality and comfort will improve and it 'll be easier to get around and cheaper , too .
Travelling by car is so much more convenient if we think about small places such as villages or small towns .
Imagine going by car to cities like London . Is the car more convenient ?
If you consider the chaotic traffic and the long queues to get there and the impact of these factors on people 's health and people 's finances , I 'm sure you 'll change your mind about public transport .
In the last few years , public transport has been improving a lot in terms of technology , flexibility and diversity in terms of timetables , tickets and destinations .
Besides these , public transport is better for the environment , especially the electric bus .
The electric bus is an option in many countries as a way to improve the environment .
This type of transport is a great contribution to the environment , because it 's cleaner than those that need petrol or diesel to work .
On the other hand , it is possible to find hybrid cars , but they are more expensive than those that work with normal fuel and , for that reason , this kind of car is not people 's first choice .
The subject of the environment is very important nowadays and can cost a country a lot .
A country has to pay for their carbon footprint and this means the more pollution is produced , the more the environmental damage . In other words a , bigger carbon footprint means more has to be paid .
Governments will define environmental policies in order to decrease the cost of carbon footprints .
Such policies will involve taxes on polluting cars , the increasing of fuel prices and the introduction of benefits for those who opt for more environmental means of transport .
So , the convenience of travelling by car is not entirely true .
Of course , you are in control of your time and destinations , but is it enough ?
Think about its impact on your finances and on the environment . Would n't it be better to take a bus , the underground , or a train ?
If we consider all the factors mentioned above , many people will probably change their minds .
Dear USA Summer Camps ,
I am Ana Alicea Benavidez , a student from the Faculty of Medicine of Málaga , where a girl , who was one of your volunteers , was talking about this project last week . She suggested we join it .
I have worked in various activities like this . For example , in a famous basketball team as a volunteer , or in the hospital with children and their parents who live there .
Moreover , I live alone in my home , so I can cook and am an excellent cook too .
I consider myself a fun , communicative and responsible person with experience in these kinds of activities , and who can help with all the things you need .
Because of that , I think that I could join your team and I would be a suitable person for you .
Finally , I would like to know where the camps will be exactly because I need to book the flights .
Yours sincerely ,
Ana
A wise man said " The pen is mightier than the sword " ( Edward Bulwer - Lytton ) .
These words reflect the power and the importance of writing and reading throughout mankind 's history .
Although there are a lot of reasons that support that idea , this article focuses on the importance of reading as a great tool to exercise our brain .
First of all , the brain is a complex part of our body that is able to process information and create knowledge based on stimuli .
Those kinds of stimuli come from several sources and they help you in different measures to exercise the brain .
However , reading is the most important stimulus to exercise the brain because it presents a lot of challenges for our mind .
For instance , when you read , you have to associate characters and places , and memorize details .
Those kinds of things help the brain to be more active and process information faster .
Secondly , there is some research that proves that , in general , people who read are smarter than people who do not .
This statement is based on the fact of the increase of literacy and development of verbal intelligence that people get when they exercise the brain by reading books .
This is another big reason to care about reading , because in this competitive world , only smart people will be able to get the best opportunities available in society .
Thirdly , when people read , they have to use the imagination to get a better idea of what 's going on .
That situation is another example of how reading is an excellent brain exercise , because when people have to imagine things , the brain has to be creative , and that kind of process is very important to improve yourself in problem solving and the creation of important ideas in real life .
In general , all the things described above show how important reading is to exercise the brain .
So , next time you try to avoid a book , think first whether you need your brain to work faster or be more creative , because it could be a good idea to exercise your brain a little bit by reading .
Review Silence of the Lambs
There are many good movies , thrillers , especially , are always enjoyable in my opinion .
One of those is the movie ' Silence of the Lambs ' , where Clarice , an FBI agent in training , has been asked to talk to an imprisoned Hannibal Lecter who has information about a serial killer the FBI has been trying to catch .
There were several reasons why this movie stood out .
First , I was really impressed by the performances of Jodi Foster ( Clarice ) and Anthony Hopkins ( Hannibal ) .
I have always thought of them as really good actors , but they were exquisite in this movie .
Not only in their individual roles , but also in the scenes they did together .
Secondly , the storyline was unpredictable and really clever and , because of that , really enjoyable .
You had to pay attention throughout the entire movie to keep up with the story .
On top of that , there was tension at all times .
This movie is outstanding . I believe that even people who are not really into thrillers will enjoy watching it .
As I mentioned before , both the acting and the storyline are really impressive .
You will be watching with full interest .
Finally , the character of Hannibal Lecter is one of a kind . There is no other movie where you will find a figure like him .
Dearest Renee ,
How was your first English literature lesson at school ? I hope it was loads of fun with plenty of new knowledge acquired !
I learnt about the special features of the 16th century acting business and theatres in London , as well as the life of William Shakespeare .
I ca n't wait to tell you more !
You may think theatres were fashionable place for royalty , courtiers and merchants .
However , they were not .
During the reign of Queen Elizabeth I and King James I , play watching was an entertainment for the locals to relax .
As it cost very little to get into an open - air theatre , everyone jammed in and jostled to watch plays , though the poor stood under bright sunshine and had their heads burnt , while the rich sat under shelter with an extra shilling paid .
At the same time , actors were busy dressing and reciting the scripts . '
Love is a smoke made with the fume of sighs . '
Do you remember this famous quote from Romeo and Juliet ?
At that time , men had to work while women were forced to stay at home and do all the household chores .
Frankly speaking , actresses did NOT exist !
These actors paid full attention to convincing the audience that it was graceful Juliet rather than a stiff boy acting .
They used props , thick make - up , gowns , wigs and all sorts of accessories .
The ' Juliets ' even had to shave their beard and moustache and enjoy their role throughout the play .
What a gargantuan sacrifice of self - esteem and reputation they made !
One more interesting fact is that both the lovers in the play were Italians , but their playwright had never been to Italy .
It could reflect the fact that 16th century London was a melting point of different cultures and Shakespeare probably got in contact with Italian culture by making friends with those local visitors .
Three trumpet blasts were given to symbolize the start of a play , yet none of the respected silence would be given .
The audience would boo and throw fruit at the actors if they did n't like them .
Special dramatic effects were added on stage .
Cannonballs were rolled around to make the sound of thunder .
Pig 's blood was used for casualties or deaths in sword fights .
Stage trapdoors allowed actors to vanish magically .
In a roofed - in theatre , pulleys and machinery were used for lowering actors onto the stage .
Shakespeare provided everything the people asked for --- laughter , romance , and tragedies .
The play lover King James I was impressed and became the patron of the Lord Chamberlain 's Men .
The company changed its name to ' the King 's Men ' and performed over 200 plays !
By now , I have widened my horizons and increased my interest in the spotlight on playhouses .
I hope you love them too !
Write soon !
Cheers ,
Michelle
As you asked I am going to give information on how my village looks after the environment .
My village has been working on this project for decades . They have been fixing their techniques and they still know a day 's everything has cost us a lot of effort , we started with the easiest examples ( dividing rubbish into different containers ) to some that are more complex ( renewable energy ) .
We live in an area where the population has all types of animals which can get hurt very easily by human activities ; so in our community we have very strict rules when it comes to taking care of the environment .
The principal things everyone must have at their houses are three trash cans for the division of the trash ; one must be for renewable materials ( leftovers , paper , cardboard … ) another for plastics , and the last one for glass .
All the energy being used in the town is renewable energy ; ( hydraulic energy , solar energy and wind energy ) . Every house has a solar panel that gets the sun light transforming it into energy that provides part of the energy to each house on the days that the sun shines , but if there is no sun , the village has a dam beside it which provides us with enough water for the whole village and also with hydraulic energy ; not only do we have hydraulic energy , but also wind energy ; on the outskirts of the village , there is a wind power plant where the wind energy is produced .
Also , our water has one of the best purification methods . After we use it , we clean it so we do n't contaminate the water of the river or dam .
To try to keep the environment clean , we have a big group of voluntary workers that work after their jobs here trying to keep this area as clean as possible by picking up all the rubbish and checking the whole area in case there is something not normal .
Apart from this group of volunteers , every person in the village is obliged to take care of the environment and use the car as little as possible so the pollution is as low as possible . Here the bicycle is the most popular mode of transport . Cars are n't common . They are only used when transporting heavy thing or when travelling long distances .
Nowadays , many people like doing shopping .
But does everyone think in that way ?
Some people think that buying things is very boring and unnecessary .
The first advantage of buying new things in shops is that it is very satisfying , in particular for women .
Many of them are relaxed when they are searching for new , remarkable clothes .
Secondly , we could find amazing bargains in shops .
Shops could even give us a 70 percent sale , which helps to save more money .
On the other hand , doing shopping is not only something enjoyable .
One of the drawbacks of going to the shops is that we spend a huge amount of money .
We would buy next , impractical high - heel shoes , which will spend a couple of years in the wardrobe .
The last but not least disadvantage of doing shopping , is that in the mall could prowl many pickpockets , and they could rob us .
In conclusion , buying new things is a good idea to spend an interesting time with friends , but we could also lose a lot of money .
Personally , I do not agree with the statement " shopping is not always enjoyable " , because I like this way of spending leisure time , for instance , with my mom or friends .
This bar chart deals with the costs of three different photocopiers .
Therefore , it compares the purchase price , the warranty expenses and the running costs of each product .
Interestingly , the purchase price of " Carde " and " KD " is almost the same .
In " Carda 's " case , the amount is $ 600 and " KDs " price is approximately $ 700 .
However , " Sebu " leads with a purchase price of $ 1,000 .
All the photocopiers show a very low warranty price .
In this category , " KD " is the most expensive with a cost of $ 200 .
Whereas " Carda " and " Sebu " score with warranty expenses of under $ 150 .
" Cada 's " product has the highest running costs , at $ 1,200 .
In the case of " KD " , the running costs only come to $ 800 , and " Sebu " obviously has the lowest expenses , at $ 600 .
As a long term investment , I would choose the " Sebus " model even though its purchase price is very high .
The reasons for this are its low warranty cost and in particular its low running costs .
The kenn running expenses will compensate for the purchase price in the future .
In today 's world , nearly every person cares about what she or he is wearing .
Many people claim that wearing fashionable clothes is very important .
It seems to me that these clothes may have a high price and sometimes they are not worth it .
Some people fear that if they do not wear the latest fashion , they wo n't be seen as a valuable person .
They spend a fortune on outfits and wait to be admired and appreciated .
Wearing any kind of clothes has an effect on you , and obviously on your image .
I agree with the idea that clothes can help with expressing ourselves .
It is very important to choose those items which represent your personality .
For example , some people design their own clothes and they sew them too .
In this way , they represent originality just by using their creativity .
However , in most cases , people are not satisfied with their shape and look .
It is often caused by wearing clothes which do not fit and suit them .
The latest fashion is often designed for slim people , so it is recommended to choose the right ones .
To sum up , I believe there are pros and cons to wearing the latest fashion .
The most significant thing is that it is not what makes you beautiful .
It 's what 's inside that counts .
Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately .
He ran over to his treehouse on the mountain , where he used to spend time by himself or reading a book .
Two days before , Peter received a letter from someone saying to meet her / him in the treehouse at 5 o'clock .
The treehouse was built by Peter 's father and it was their secret .
Two years ago , Peter 's father had died , so Peter was the only one that knew where the treehouse was .
So , who could have sent that letter ?
Peter ran and ran and when he arrived he saw the door open .
He found it strange because he always locked the door and the only people that had the keys were him and his father .
He went into the house and saw a man sitting on his father 's chair .
He shouted " Who 's there ? " and suddenly the man turned around and the mystery man was Peter 's father and he said " I 'm proud that you have kept our secret .
See you later ... " .
Peter ran into his father 's arms , but he disappeared and he promised himself that he would never ever tell anyone about the secret .
I do not think that there is no future for public transport because not all people can have a car , especially poor people in a developing country .
Moreover , there are distant places we can not travel to by car , so we need a train or even a plane .
In addition , some people do not like travelling in their private cars on the highways because they fear accidents .
But on the other hand , l agree to some extent that travelling in my private car is much more convenient .
I can travel at any time without being restricted to specific times , and l can rest at any cafe to drink my favorite coffee .
I enjoy using GPS when travelling on my own to explore new places .
Consequently , we can not dispense with public transport , even if some of us would rather use our private cars .
Some non - building areas , in some countries , are now occupied by housing and other residential buildings .
This will cause some serious problems for both citizens and animals .
Human beings need more natural environment to live better and to ensure the standard of living .
Inhabitants can go to the countryside to have a picnic or excursion with their friends or families to relax .
After natural areas , such as farmland , forest and wetland , are destroyed on a large scale , there are no close places with beautiful scenery to visit .
The consequence is that they can easily get sick in modern buildings , which will influence their mental health , and even worse .
As for animals , which are a part of nature , where is a home for them ?
Without a pleasant place to live , they are facing extinction .
If their living areas are occupied by housing and other buildings , their sources of food and water could be a serious problem .
As a result , some of the most vulnerable species will face dying out .
The building land is supposed to be their home .
For governments , restrictions on exploring human land is one of the ways to solve these problems .
Policy - makers could enact a law to reduce land development .
Another method is that natural ecology gardens can be provided for those animals , like birds .
As long as there are some places for them to live , the natural environment can be balanced .
In conclusion , a wide range of buildings and constructions can not only destroy our own living environment , but also that of animals .
Governments are responsible for solving these problems to achieve harmony between man , nature and animals .
LIVE AND STUDY IN SPAIN NOW …
WORK WITH US ! ! !
We know that submerging oneself in the culture and customs of our chosen language is important and a better way of learning it .
We are , however , conscious of the financial difficulties that young people face today . It is for this reason that we propose the following idea .
It gives you the possibility of working as an au pair .
Earn while you learn Spanish and become more independent !
All that is required of you is to have a knack with kids and love the idea of becoming an au pair .
Are you interested ? Do not hesitate !
Fill in the application form and send it to us at the following email address :
This could be the greatest experience of your life . Do n't miss it ! !
First of all , I want to sincerely thank you for the opportunity to provide quick ways to begin saving environmental resources .
I will begin by strongly recommending cycling for a number of reasons : better physical health , better mental health , and no paying fuel bills .
The physical exercise endured during cycling provides a great workout for the cyclist , and in addition to that , blending in with mother nature helps improve mental health ; you also save your own money by not paying for fuel .
Another way to help is to save electricity , and while doing that , save money too .
Moreover , less electrical stress on the machines ensures that the machines ' lives are lengthened .
I also recycle my old paper , such as old books , and this greatly helps our atmosphere thanks to the decrease in hazardous gases resulting from burned waste .
On the other hand , we all get to benefit from the cheaper recycled paper ; I also want to mention the blissful feeling I get when I recall I have done good for our wonderful world .
In the end , I sincerely hope this report proves informative and encouraging for many .
This was Ahmed Bishara and I am a fierce supporter of this cause .
Dear Sir or Madam
I am writing in order to apply for the post of Camp Assistant you advertised in a magazine .
I am sure I will meet your requirements since I have the abilities you are asking for .
I recently passed my First Certificate in English and I speak Spanish fluently , too .
In addition , I am a very responsible person and I have got a first aid certificate , which has given me the confidence to deal with emergency situations .
I am not a professional athlete , however I am keen on sports , especially street running competitions .
I enjoy participating , whenever possible , in competitions in my city as an amateur athlete .
I would like to inform that you I am available for the dates given , because I will have finished my degree course in June .
Finally , I want to let you know both of my referees are happy to be contacted immediately to confirm my personal qualities .
I hope to hear from you as soon as possible with an interview appointment .
Yours faithfully .
Save yourself
Have you ever thought about what you can do to help the environment ?
Maybe not !
There is a lot that you can do ...
This year , I decided to clean the local forest with my family .
It will be very good for us , for the animals and for all the plants .
First , we thought it would be good to plant trees , and it 's easy to do this .
Cleaning the forest is a fantastic idea because , when the forests are clean , forest fires hardly happen .
It will save lots of plants and animals . It will save the environment , so it will save you and me .
Do n't forget that the environment is very important for all of us .
By saving the environment , you are saving your life .
Anna knew that it was going to be a very special day for her .
She had a feeling that her birthday would n't be ordinary .
For sure , her friends were preparing a big surprise .
As far as she knew , she would find out that she was right .
Firstly , just after she went into school , they greeted her with a million colourful balloons with inscriptions with all the best wishes .
Then she had to go to class , so every balloon was sent into the sky , which was a beautiful sight .
After she had finished her lessons , her boyfriend arrived on his motorcycle and took her for a nice trip .
Eventually , they came to the lake on the suburbs and then she saw something unexpected .
There was a big surprise party in the forest .
First , she noticed only a big tranparent with the title " Happy birthday Anna ! "
and then it turned out that all her crew was there .
She heard music and that is how the party started .
It was a really amazing day full of pleasures .
Anna would never forget it !
In my opinion , I recommend you to stop going to sports classes , because I think music classes are better , because you can also get a job in an orchestra or something like that .
Also you can work as an athlete and you can earn a large amount of money , but it 's also so difficult to get there and you have to be the best of them to earn a good amount of money .
So , yes , I recommend you to carry on with your music classes , but if you prefer to do sports , I will support you also .
I do n't know which of them you like more , but I am sure that you like one more than the other , so if you want to be a basketball player , do n't give up with it .
I recommend the music classes more , but it 's your choice .
So , that was my opinion about your problem and my recommendation , but you are the one that has to take a decision , so good luck and remember to study also .
This project is historical research on the relationship between the Euro and Denmark , to discover and understand the changes made by Denmark 's institutions and government to adequate their social , economic and political system in relation to the new European currency .
With this research I want to discover if those changes helped Denmark protect itself from the European crisis .
The Danish measures will also be compared with other actions taken by European countries like Italy .
This study project will be developed by studying :
-Danish and European historical documents and previous research about the Euro ;
-old and contemporary Danish journalistic articles ;
-Danish and European Institutions such as the ECB , the European Commission , the Danish Ministry of Economy and Foreign Affairs , and it will be necessary to carry out and analyse interviews with Danish and European politicians , economists and experts of this historical and economic field .
The aim is to trace the new political , economic and social structure of Denmark in relation to the Euro and all its consequences .
To ensure safety , wearing safety shoes is the most basic measure .
Besides , different training has different safety requirement .
For example , on the electro - pneumatic control training course , the operator must wear a face mask when the machine is on to protect them from being hit by the tube with high pressure air . Likewise , it is also a necessary measure to start the machine after you are fully prepared with a face mask .
And the PLC controller 's wires have been protected by insulated rubber everywhere except the connection point .
In addition , when operating the variable frequency drive ( VFD ) , it is necessary to set another separate emergency stop button , which is easy to do for non - professionals in case of emergency .
" Your granddaughter must be born , with a curse that causes scorn . Imperceptible she must become until she finds love .
Two - sided it must be , or else she 'll disappear forever and a day . "
Ever since a curse was put upon Ailee 's grandmother , the girl has been living a daunting life .
A life being unseen to human eyes .
Ailee was banished to the forest at the age of 16 .
It was the curse that had made her life living next to humans tough .
Whenever she was near any person , she would feel terrible pain .
It stung her like there were a million needles inside her .
" Fate gives you a human that you can bear . "
But how to find love when you are invisible ?
The curse has a good side which Ailee is enjoying a lot .
I watched a movie called The Help .
It was a story about black maids who worked for white families during the 1960s .
The movie was stoning . Some of the plots were rather shocking .
It is hard to believe during the time of segregation , black people were treated as second - class citizens not only in real life but also in the constitution .
The movie revealed the ironic reality and the ignorance and stupidity of some unkind people during segregation .
It also had some warm scenes , showing hope , courage and sacrifice .
Before I moved to Canada ,
I did not know much about African - Americans ' history .
I had heard about slavery , discrimination , hate crimes against black people , but I did not know what really happened at that time .
Now , from books , movies , I know some of the most influential movements . I know Martin Luther King , Jr. was more than an activist and a public speaker .
I know the first person who ended segregation in the south was a 9-year - old girl .
It 's hard to imagine what they went through during the civil rights movement .
It 's hard to put myself in their shoes .
What if I was an African - American ? What if I had been born during segregation ?
Would I be brave , determined ?
Would I hide behind crowds ?
I really do n't know .
It is really difficult to even think of .
As if I can not imagine if I were a heroine of one of the enormous heroic stories .
What would I do for my country ?
I was born and raised in China . Being a Chinese person , it is our obligation to remember what Japanese soldiers did to us during World War II .
We learned enormous heroic stories about how those heroes sacrificed their lives for victory .
I have no idea why we had to learn those legends , which were full of darkness , torture and violence .
It was the first day of Max 's school excursion to Patagonia . They had arrived there the night before , but today was the day they would actually go exploring .
They left early in the morning . Everyone on the trip was very excited .
As soon as they got to the base of the mountain trail , everyone filled up their water bottle and began walking .
Max was so anxious to see all the different kinds of wildlife .
Halfway through the trip , Max heard a weird noise close by and he decided to see what was going on , but before he knew it , he was all alone .
The noise continued , so he decided to see what was happening . As he turned the corner , he found himself looking at a puma that was badly injured .
Max did n't know what to do .
Finally , he decided to go back to the class trip and let them know about the puma .
He followed the trail until , finally , he was able to catch up with the class .
He went to the guide and told him about what he had seen .
The guide decided to go with Max to see the puma for himself .
When they got to the location , the guide decided to call the wildlife protection in that area to come help .
Once the wildlife protection had been able to help the puma , everyone congratulated Max for his bravery and help .
Max could not have been happier . "
What an amazing day ! " , Max whispered to himself as he got into bed that night .
The last documentary I saw was a documentary by National Geographic called Ocean .
It was about life in the ocean and the consequences of climate change .
The first thing I learnt was that we are destroying the Earth and , especially , the oceans .
Every day , a lot of animals die due to all the rubbish we throw into the oceans .
The second thing I learnt was that we have to change the way of fishing because the fishermen kill a lot of aquatic animals , like dolphins or sea turtles , that they do n't want to kill .
This is because they drag nets along the seabed and catch all the animals that are swimming in it .
So , overall , I would recommend this documentary to everybody because everyone must know what we are doing to the Earth and they must learn to look after it because we only have one Earth and if we destroy it , we wo n't have any place where we can live .
I conduct group and individual training in Hatha Yoga and Thai Yoga ( Ruesi Dat Ton ) .
I am also a Therapeutic Thai massage professional .
All my yoga lessons and massage sessions are conducted in line with the Correct Approach to Spine ( CAS ) method , so they are very safe and based on scientific theory .
Safety and knowledge of body mechanics are very important to the CAS vision as they give a feeling of confidence and understanding to yoga practitioners .
I have more than 10 years of experience in the field of yoga and four years of teaching .
I practised Ashtanga and Iyengar 's styles of yoga and Ruesi Dat Ton ( yoga of Thai hermits ) , learned different approaches during my training in India and Thailand , and my practice brought me to Classical Yoga - Correct Approach to Spine school , the way of exercising I found the safest , the most beneficial for health and scientifically grounded .
For me , the practitioner 's safety is one of the most important things , as ahimsa ( non harm ) is one of the crucial principles of yoga .
Renée Kwakkenbos
Dear Bruce ,
Thank you for your circular in which you explained your plans for Warden Park .
My husband and I appreciate very much that you are receptive to new ideas .
As you know , we frequently visit your Health and Fitness Club .
The swimming pool is the favourite spot for improving our condition .
Can you imagine that we were a bit disappointed when we read your plans to build a second sauna cabin beside the swimming pool ?
I hope you consider the kids in this plan !
For them ( or do I have to admit us ) , it would be a better idea to build a changing room with more space in that particular place .
In addition , your proposal to provide additional equipment for the gym and a widescreen TV for the snack bar did not get applause in our home .
The snack bar is our reward at the end of all our sweating , but I must apologize that sometimes we leave this place because of its long waiting times .
My recommendation : do not hesitate to invest in a second microwave .
My last , but not least , piece of advice is about the gym .
Maybe you could consider updating it with new classes , such as kickboxing .
Thank you once again for allowing us to give our suggestions for your wonderful place .
If you ever need more of these proposals , you can ask us !
Kind regards ,
Dear Mr Smith ,
I read your advertisement on your internet Website .
I think I am the most suitable applicant for the job .
I usually look after children and really enjoy it .
My cooking abilities are not good enough , but I can learn to cook quickly .
I am good at organizing and I am able to get to know a lot of people in a short time .
I would like to have a meeting with you to explain my skills to you in more detail and I 'll also bring you a copy of my Curriculum Vitae .
Hoping to hear from you soon .
Sincerely Nuria
He loves surfing the net .
He surfs three or four hours each day .
He has contacts from Cape Town to San Francisco and from Santiago de Chile to Manila .
Like many young people , Michael lives with email , Whatsapp , Facebook and things like that .
Two weeks ago , he met a beautiful girl on Linkedin .
She was a foreign student in Palmira , in the north of Syria .
They began to plan some adventures together .
At a certain moment , the girl , named Cris , asked him for a little help .
He must go to a certain place , recover a suitcase and send it to Casablanca .
She said it was a present for her aunt , who lives in Casablanca .
Michael went to get the case .
He took the case and planned to travel to Casablanca the next weekend , taking advantage of a bank holiday on Monday .
Michael booked the trip and arrived at the port in Algeciras on Friday evening .
He entered the office where they check the luggage .
A civil servant called him to go to the next room to speak with him .
They entered .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Tom and his campaign
A few days ago , Tom saw in the newspaper an article that talked about the pollution that is produced by cars and the effects that they would have in a few years .
This would cause global warming , causing the disappearance of winter .
The same day , he asked his Science teacher if this would probably happen in the future .
The Science teacher explained to Tom all the problems that global warming would cause and he proposed to Tom to do a campaign to raise awareness about the use of cars and the problems it would cause in the future .
To promote the campaign , Tom went to speak with the director and they agreed that all the kids in the school would make a few placards with inspiring phrases about not using cars so much and using public transport more .
When Tom arrived home , he explained to his parents everything related to the campaign and they were very happy .
It had been a very long and tiring day , but Tom felt he had achieved something really good .
Dear Sir ,
My name is Laura and I 'm 25 years old .
I come from Sestri Levante , a small town near Genoa , in the north of Italy .
I live right by the sea and I 've been working in restaurants and pubs since I was 16 , where I learned to cook and serve tables .
I am the eldest of four brothers and sisters and I used to take care of them when my parents were at work , especially because I love babysitting !
I can cook and I like organizing sports and different types of activities , so I think I would be really suitable to work for you .
I can speak English and German and I am a really hardworking girl , always happy and cheerful with everybody .
I attach my English C.V. so you can read my references and my past experience .
Thank you very much for your kind attention .
I am looking forward to hearing from you soon
Kind regards ,
Laura Piccio
Homes of the future will definitely be different from those in which we live currently .
Maybe the shape of homes will not change as much as the interior .
For sure , technology will play the main role in every home .
Everything will work remotely ; lightning , heating - probably there will be a possibility to program everything by time , day , month and so on .
Keys wo n't be necessary anymore .
Doors will open to our voice , footprint or retina scan .
All appliances will be eco - friendly .
There will not be a home without air - conditioning anymore .
Room configurations and style will be somewhat different - more glazing , more open spaces .
Homes in general will be more airy .
The decor will be simpler and more modern .
The dominant colour will be white , but there will be some elements in more vivid colours .
The materials will be plastic and metal .
Unfortunately , we ca n't know that for sure .
We 'll see with our own eyes in twenty , maybe fifty years .
One year ago , Robert Stromerg directed " Maleficent " , from the film " Sleeping beauty " .
The cast included Anegelina Jolie as Maleficen , Elle Fanning as Princess Aurora , Sharlto Copley as King Stefan and Sam Riley as Diaval .
This film is set in England .
The film is about Maleficent , who becomes bad because she is abused by Stefan , her true love .
Later , Stefan becomes King and decides to cut down the magic forest , where lives Maleficent .
Then Stefan 's daughter , Aurora , goes to live with three fairies .
Maleficent finds Aurora and they become friends .
When Aurora is sixteen , she falls asleep because Maleficent had cast a spell when Aurora was young .
The three fairies lead a prince , Philp , to the castle because he has to give the kiss of true love .
After that Aurora does n't wake up .
Maleficent is sad and she makes apologies and she kisses Aurora .
The princess wakes up .
Finally , Maleficent overpowers Stefan .
At the end , Aurora lives with Maleficent in the magic forest .
The cast is excellent and the color in the photography is spectacular .
It is well worth seeing !
I think learning is like a weapon for any individual and enables him to be like a champion .
Nelson Mandela said , " Education is the most powerful weapon which you can use to change the world " .
Learning has no end . We spend all of our lives learning from circumstances we face .
Learning not only means studying in schools , universities , etc .
, but it also means improving your skills , your talents .
Nowadays , you have a lot of ways to learn and be better in your life and your career .
For example , one of these ways is the Internet .
You can use it to learn any language or take courses in any field from your home for weeks or months if you can . This is called self - study .
This can be easy only when you are determined to achieve what you want .
Always remember that " Education is what remains after one has forgotten what one has learned in school " , Albert Einstein said .
This composition is about a famous person from my country .
This humble and famous man is called Kinta Kenneth .
I chose this man because he was a significant player during the slave trade .
He fought for the liberation of slavery in West Africa .
He put the Gambia on the world map .
The Gambia is visited by many tourists because of him .
This has led to many black Americans visiting the Gambia for investment purposes .
Kinta Kenneth was a captured slave from Naima Juffera .
He was captured while hunting with his colleagues in the forest .
This was in 1879 during the slave trade period .
Kunta was captured because he was trying to rescue his friend who was lost in the forest .
He came across the slave masters in the mouth of the river Gambia while looking for his friend .
He ran away from them but they later captured him with their dogs .
Kunta was sold to a slave master in South America .
He worked very hard in the sugar plantation for the slave master .
While in captivity , he fought for the rights of all the black slaves in the camp .
He refused to work more than eight hours a day and he refused to take orders from the slave master .
He was refused food but he kept going with his strike .
He was later given the opportunity to learn English .
He attended the same class with other relatives of the slave masters .
He did very well during their exam and was given another opportunity to teach English to other slaves .
He was famous and respected in the slave camp .
But was later betrayed by his slave masters .
He organised demonstrations which turned out to abolition of slavery .
He died during the demonstration .
But his name was written in all western nation newspapers as a brave man .
Because of his efforts that led to the abolition of slavery and freedom for captured slaves in the camp .
The Gambia is well known to adventurers and tourists .
The history of Kunta Kinta is part of our national history .
The statue of Kinta is situated at the entrance of Banjul .
Kunta was not only a great man in the Gambia , but a hero .
Public transport is a public way to take people from one place to another .
In this era , there are many types of public transport used by people . For example : bus , train , monorail , light - rail - transit ( LRT ) , taxi , and so on .
Most people use public transport to go to their workplace and travel around the city .
Some workers choose to use public transport rather than their own cars .
This is because they want to avoid the traffic jams .
Mostly , they prefer to use public transport more than the car because it can avoid the traffic jams and save time to get to their workplace earlier .
It can also save money as a price of the ticket for public transport is cheaper compared to oil costs for using a car .
In view of all of these points , it is not wrong to say that public transport is still available and very useful in our daily life ; even though there are many types of car , which are more convenient .
So , there will be a future for public transport because of its benefits or advantages to human society .
It is very friendly transportation where people from all places meet on one transport system and they can build a relationship between them .
Additionally , the pollution , such as haze , will be decreased because fewer people use the car .
As a conclusion , there is a future for public transport and it is also convenient to use it for travelling .
We will not have to worry about where to find a parking space for the car and we can enjoy the trip .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
I have seen your advertisement for the job at the USA Summer Camps advertised in the local newspaper on the seventh of June .
I 'm 18 years old and I 'm a final year secondary school student .
I believe I 'm a good candidate for this job because I have passed the FCE examination and in a few months I will be taking the CAE exam .
I also speak Spanish and Portuguese due to the fact that I have family in both countries .
I am particularly interested in this job due to the fact that I have already worked in summer camps ( In Spain and France ) for two years and I 'm very passionate about being with children . I would be able to organise sports and evening activities too , because I have helped with many events at my school .
Unfortunately , I do n't have much experience of working in kitchens , but I think I 'm hardworking enough to pull it off .
With reference to my character , I am very organised , friendly and determined .
I look forward to hearing from you soon .
Yours faithfully , Laura
From : yo@gmial.com
To : summercamps@bt.com
Subject : Application .
Dear Mr Cunningham ,
I am writing to apply for one of the camp monitor positions you advertised in last Monday 's Daily News . I am interested because this post will give me complementary experience .
I am 18 years old , and I am quite self - confident and a reliable person . I used to take care of my young brother quite often and I get on well with young children .
I have been working in several camps during the last year . For this reason , I have some relevant experience in this area . In addition , I am doing a degree in teaching at the University of London , and during the last quarter I have been in charge of a group of six children during activities related to sports and cooking .
For all the different reasons described above , I believe I would be suitable for this post .
If you require any further information , do n't hesitate to contact me on 666777555 in the evenings .
I would be very grateful if you would consider my application for this post .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Yours sincerely ,
Rafa Pons .
I 'm not a sportsman . I like watching basketball , tennis , football , but my favorite sport is running .
A lot of people like it , I think because it is the cheapest sport .
We need only amazing running shoes , and that 's all . OK ... ,
we need at least 45 minutes per day , or at least 3 times a week .
I love this sport !
For me it is like meditation . I can think about everything or nothing .
That is my decision .
It is very good for the circulation . Running helps me to be in good shape .
I do n't want to lose weight , I want to keep it , and I want to eat my favorite dessert , if I want ...
A lot of people say : " I ca n't ... " .
If you have 2 legs , you can !
Buy good shoes , and the first time , 5 minutes ' running is enough !
Do n't run too much and too quickly !
Go every second day . Run at your own pace , and the next week you can do more ! ... and one day you will run a half marathon , and you will be strong , fresh and so confident , like never before !
I have the pleasure of giving this essay to Ms .
Eliot , my special English teacher .
The restaurant I would love to review for the class is one of the most popular restaurants located just near the downtown plaza .
It is called the ' Egyptian Cuisine ' and its name actually represents what it has to offer .
It offers a delicious Egyptian menu which provides enough dishes to cover all tastes . As an example , their delicious fresh eggplant traditional salad .
If there is anything that favors this restaurant , it has to be the quantity they serve ; a surely sufficient quantity along with the truly special quality leaves this restaurant as one of the best in town , if not in the whole country .
What about the amazing eccentric atmosphere they have to offer ? With a soulful live band and an elegant dining set , their atmosphere adds to the flavor of their food .
In addition to that , they will be able to offer a connected table that could fit the whole class , professionally named the meeting table .
To come to the point .
This restaurant has to be the right choice for two reasons . Firstly , it offers a traditional menu which will be sure to cover all different tastes .
Secondly , the lively atmosphere it offers will surely keep the class entertained during the entire dinner .
At the end of my essay , I would like to devote this paragraph to thanking my wonderful teacher for this opportunity to offer my sincere opinion on the topic .
Many thanks and I hope for a wonderful trip , regardless of the restaurant voted for .
My first day at ACU came as a surprise to me .
In the very first class , I was asked questions by the teacher .
It was a very different experience to learning in Korea .
It was not only the first class that I had to speak out in class .
Although it was not easy to get used to such a teaching style . It did not take long for me to realise what teachers were expecting from us and why they were doing so .
Participation in class by asking and answering questions demands more active thinking from us .
Nobody would deny the significance and effectiveness of modern technology , having revolutionised all spheres of human lives by providing a great number of remarkable advantages , such as mass production , information and communication devices , as well as medical and scientific breakthroughs .
However , it has also created some alarming problems , namely environmental destruction , and increasing unemployment and health concerns .
This essay will attempt to analyse both sides of this controversial phenomenon with some applicable supporting ideas .
To begin with , evidently , technological progress has noticeably enhanced quality of individuals ' lives , contributing to the economic growth of numerous nations .
To illustrate , machinery and the use of fertilisers in agriculture have helped to develop mass production and increase the availability and quantity of various types of food , having made them cheaper and more affordable .
My favourite sport is a Tamil sport known as Kabadi .
I believe many of us do not have the faintest idea about this sport .
At the outset , let me tell you about this sport and how it is played .
It is played in a box drawn on the ground the size of a volleyball court .
A central line divides the box and a line is drawn inside each box about 2 feet from the line which ends the box , and this line is proudly called Ellai kodu(Border Line ) in Tamil .
There will be 2 teams and each team consists of 6 players and the players assume the border line as their own border .
This makes the game war - like and very special to Tamils .
The rules of engagement are quite simple .
The first and most important rule is you do not let the opponent player who raids your field ( the box ) touch your border ( Border Line ) . The second rule is you do not let the opponent cross over the ' No man 's land ' ( The centre line ) , when the opponent touches your border .
The opponent must raise a leg when the other one touches the border to tell them " Lo , I am in your territory " . If the opponent touches the border , he can retreat to his field , no shame in that , but he does n't get any points .
But before retreating , if he touches anyone among them and leaves their field without getting caught , then the raider gets a point and the person who was touched by the raider is dead ( Out ) .
Each team gets an opportunity to raid the other 's field alternately , and the first one to raid is decided by the toss of a coin , as is usual in most games .
A number is decided to count the dead ones and whichever team reaches that number first loses the game to the other .
The rules are pretty simple , but the game is quite tough , you could hurt yourself really badly .
It takes a day to count the scratches on your body after the game .
But that is the reason Tamils enjoy the game and they cherish it .
Why on earth do they love cuts , scratches and scars ! Are they sick ?
One might wonder , but we can find the reason in their Sangam Literature , written circa 300 BCE .
It says the bravery of a man is reckoned by the number of scars on his body , except on his back , because they thought to be dead on the field was far better than retreating .
There are accounts of a woman who cut her breast because she found her son 's body pierced by a long narrow spear - like weapon in his back rather than in his chest .
So , I like this game because it reflects the Tamil culture 's important value , which gives high rank to bravery .
I love to play the game with my friends in my village , a very refreshing game , I would say .
Not exams or wedding or the first day of school ,
one of the most exciting days of my life was the 23rd August 2014 .
It could seem very strange , but I was very excited , because ,
on this date , the BBC released the new series of Doctor Who ...
It is a popular English science fiction series and it tells the story of the adventures of the " Doctor " .
The Doctor is an alien from the planet Gallifrey and he travels in all of time and space with his companions , who are normally humans . In his experiences he saved whole planets from other bad aliens .
I think Doctor Who is totally different from other science fiction films . It has always done the unthinkable , the impossible , things that no one else has even dreamed of .
Doctor 's travelsmachine is a Policebox ... it is small and blue outside , but it is bigger on the inside .
I like Doctor Who very much . I have always dreamt of travelling everywhere in time and space since I was a little child ! ! !
! If , ( one day ) I have the possibility to do it , I will go to distant galaxies and I will see how the universe began .
In my opinion , this series was wonderful and , I look forward to the next one !
Hi Chi Tình ,
Please be informed that all purchase requests which have been placed since early 2015 have not been approved for processing by the managers .
The 2014 expenditure for collections is taken out of the library budget in 2015 .
Besides , the library budget in 2015 has been reduced .
For the rest of 2015 , the library will not be purchasing any collections from its budget .
Any urgent book requests are to be raised directly with your Head of Center .
We recommend you to consider the electronic content available through these library subject guides .
If you have any concern related to the library budget and the approval of purchase requests , please contact Ms. Clare O'Riley , Senior Library Manager .
My apologies for any frustration you may have .
Thank you very much for your understanding .
Regards ,
Chau
Emily knew she would have to come to a decision soon .
The Headmaster had asked his school 's teachers to begin a class in English and she was one of them .
The big question was whether she would be able to engage herself in this new activity .
She had been trying to improve her English skills since September by taking an English course , but she still felt unready to cover a whole math topic using this language with the Clil method , because she was placed at the B2 level in reading and listening , while in speaking and writing the level she had joined after doing a specific test was only B1 .
After thinking a lot about the positive and negative aspects of this question , referring also to the quality of her teaching methods and the time she had to spend preparing the math topics in English , Emily decided to accept the challenge and to engage herself in this new adventure .
When I think about The Home of the Future , I can see a lot of new things that could simplify my daily life .
I think that people will live more ecologically .
In The Home of the Future everybody will segregate waste and take care of the environment .
People will have a device that puts out the light when we leave the room .
We will have furniture that does not stain .
We will also discover flowers that irrigate themselves and machines that walk the dog or wash it when we do not have enough time to do this .
We will all have vacuum cleaners that will dust everything without our knowledge .
Kitchens will be different too .
We will have equipment that will prepare meals for us with only one press of a button .
Then we wo n't dream about great , Italian spaghetti , because our stove will do it better than any Italian cook .
That is the kind of house that I want to resident in in twenty years .
The answer to this question depends on where you live .
If the place where you live is a relatively large city , you will say indeed : " We obviously need public transport ! Everyone knows what happens on the streets in the rush hour ?
You can get stuck in a traffic jam for hours ! " .
It seems that if people did not travel only in their beautiful cars and took a bus or the metro , the air would be cleaner , the city would become less noisy etc .
On the other hand , if you live in a small town or village , your answer is : " Of course , I prefer my own car or bicycle to public transport , if I am not going far .
I have more ideas where to travel by car , as public transport 's routes are "
Your attitude to public transportation strongly affects the quality of public transport itself .
I mean the timetable punctuality , time interval until the next bus and so on .
Finally , how big the crowds are on the bus or subway car in the rush hour , how convenient it is for you to be there , rather than sitting in your own air - conditioned and perfect looking car .
That is all I would like to say at this point .
" Resolution number one : Obviously will lose twenty pounds . Number two : Always put last night 's panties in the laundry basket .
Equally important , will find sensible boyfriend to go out with and not continue to form romantic attachments to any of the following : alcoholics , workaholics , commitment phobic 's , peeping toms , megalomaniacs , emotional fuckwits or perverts .
And especially will not fantasize about a particular person who embodies all these things "
- Helen Fielding , Bridget Jones 's Diary
I was always fascinated by this American tradition of making a resolution list .
It was something new to me and that 's why it attracted me so much .
The idea of writing a blog triggered my mind as well .
The first step to it was my diary after visiting Sochi with my friend in 2000 .
I had a copybook where I wrote some interesting facts about that remarkable trip for me .
Since then I have been dreaming about collecting my impressions and memories .
As my sister constantly says , " You 're lucky because you have the memory of a goldfish . You remember absolutely nothing . "
It took me a lot of to admit this fact again .
In contrast to my sister ( she has an extraordinary memory ) , I forget everything easily and keep looking for new emotions and adventures .
A year ago , the idea of beginning a blog came to me as advice from an English teacher .
He recommended me to write in order to apply my English knowledge .
Well … .
Maybe it 's really time to make a resolution and to begin writing it .
I 'm going to kill two birds with one stone - my blog will help me to collect my memories and master my English . The third bird will be my hatred of writing .
I have hated writing since school .
It was a family tragedy when I got a task to write a composition for my literature class .
Such tasks made my family busy for an evening and , anyway , I always had a poor mark .
So my dear blog ( I heard that 's the way I have to interact with it ) , you will be about nothing .
Good
She : I decided my blog would be about nothing .
Just a blog ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) )
He : lol . I think I will win :P You wo n't be able to write about nothing for very long :)
She : sure .
I have so much nothing in my head to write about .
Let 's get started !
To ,
Manager
Date : November 6 , 2015
Dear Sir / Madam ,
Humbly and respectfully , I would like to inform you and your organization that I am the appropriate candidate for you .
I have recently finished my undergraduate program .
Which is in sport management and I also have experience of kitchen work .
I have completed a 6 month vocational cookery course .
I do part - time work at a school hostel as a teacher .
I am a 24-year - old male , and I love to do challenging tasks .
I am the best candidate for your job to execute high result of excellence .
If there are any positions available , then please give one to me .
It will be my great pleasure to work with you and your organization .
If you could give me a chance to work with you and your organization , it would be a great pleasure for me .
Looking forward to hearing from you .
Sincerely ,
Pradip Anand Khatri
The future .
No one can tell what it will be like .
The cosmic era , communications , easy access to the Internet - all of these things will become common in the distant future .
As a result of these changes , people will change , and their way of life will as well .
For example , the spread of IT technologies will change economics and the financial system .
People will start purchasing all items from the Internet .
New methods of transportation may speed up the delivery to the purchaser 's home and , as a result , it will improve the quality of service .
The new communication networks will transform the whole world into a big village where everyone will be able to contact any person .
The development of space technologies and companies connected to construction of spacecraft may give rise to space tourism .
The Earth , the Moon , maybe Mars , will all be much closer to mankind and there will be another great leap towards it .
I hope I will see such a future .
I hope it will be real for me to see how humans will land on Mars , how this will become common .
I believe that public transport does n't have a future because travelling by car is so much more convenient and comfortable .
When you travel in your own car you do n't have to wait for a specific time and you can go anywhere , but when you travel on public transport you must wait for the time when the public transport can take you .
I think that is the main problem , but you can also change where you are going to .
With public transport , you must go to the points along the route .
The seats are more comfortable in a car than in a bus or the underground .
That 's why I prefer travelling by car instead of public transport .
My dear John ,
I am very glad to read this good news . It is the first step towards the final result and I will try to do my best to give you useful information for your interview .
But before that , it is important that you have a general idea about my company ; its business and goals .
It opened more than twenty years ago and still now is the leader in the chemical sector .
Remember this is fundamental for each interview .
The day of the event , dress not too formal but also not to informal .
Try to be spontaneous and not too sliced .
Also , it is nice to see a polite and smiley person .
Do not talk too much , as it is a symptom of anxiety .
The first part of the interview is mainly about your private life and studies .
Maybe you can give some general information about your last job .
Do n't worry about the people who will interview you .
I worked on that team more than ten years ago ( new employee recruitment ) and I can guarantee that for the first interview it is important only to make a good impression .
If you do it ( and I 'm sure you will do it ) you 'll receive another appointment .
I hope to have said everything .
When you get here , send me a text .
It will be a great pleasure to have a coffee together .
Good luck for the future .
Recently I saw " Prisoners " , a great thriller .
This film is about the kidnapping of two little girls .
Everyone in the village tries to find the children .
The main character is the father of one of the children .
The man is really frightened and this situation makes him more and more desperate and he can not control his reactions .
I enjoyed this film a lot because it holds your attention all the time .
In my opinion , it is really exciting , because you are constantly thinking about where the girls are or who could be the kidnaper .
I would recommend " Prisoners " to the student film club because it has the features that you want .
I believe that if you are looking for an interesting thriller , this thriller is the right one .
However , there is a problem and that is that the film shows a lot of violence and it should not be seen by children , only by teenagers or older people .
At any case , in my opinion , it is a great film which many people will enjoy if they see it .
We have always been trying to find our origins .
We want to know and understand what is happening nowadays and , for this reason , it is important to know what happened before .
The way I see it , finding the origin of languages can be similar to knowing our own family tree .
Because that can give us a lot of new information about ourselves that we did n't know .
On the one hand , it can be funny to imagine and create the story of how everything happened formerly .
But on the other hand , we can have too much imagination and be disappointed with the truth .
That always depends on what we were hoping for .
In my opinion , there are so many things we have to discover yet , and much more we have left behind as we progress .
Consequently , there will be constant research into the field of our origins .
My favourite sport is not a sport as you may think of it .
Most people who do sport want to be fit and stay healthy .
Sport is connected with moving a lot in any case .
My favourite sport is different .
Well , it keeps me fit , but not my body in the first instance ; it 's good for my brain .
I play skat .
Skat is an old German card game .
You play it with 32 cards and you need 3 or 4 people who are able to play it .
I enjoy playing it so much because it 's really challenging .
Every game is different .
There are so many options for which card to lay and which colour is trump .
Secondly , the people you play with are very different too .
I know a builder who plays very well and a professor who - hmm - so to speak - still needs some more practice .
I also teach children at the age of 10 or 11 how to play it .
My husband and I play in two clubs .
If you are very good , you can take part in competitions .
There are German championships every year and there is a league , too , where teams of 4 play against each other .
And , of course , people play skat in pubs and win some cuts of meat .
I hope you can imagine how much I like my hobby .
I really ca n't understand why chess is considered to be a sport and skat is n't .
It helps me to stay fit and makes me forget all the worries and stress of my work days .
When it comes to helping communities , people have different attitudes towards whether young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their communities or not .
Some people think young people spend enough time on helping their communities . However , others disagree with the idea .
Although young people are required to help their communities every week , actually it is still not enough .
It is true that young people are required to help their communities by their schools or companies .
It is also true that these kinds of requirements really work , and many communities are benefited .
Actually , there are many communities that still do not receive enough help , otherwise many social issues and events would not be discussed again and again .
Many factors result in this phenomenon .
The world is becoming more and more competitive . Young people have to spend a lot of time educating themselves to survive in this society .
Young people not only have to spend a lot of time making themselves qualified in one specific subject , they also have to have a wide range of knowledge .
For example , to be outstanding enough to go to the best university , students have to perform well in their curriculum , such as literature and science , they also have to be good at music or doing exercise .
Therefore , they do not have much time to help their communities .
The salaries are not good nowadays .
To survive in the era of inflation , young people have to get more than one job .
They have to do full - time jobs in the daytime , and have a part - time job at night .
Needless to say , if young people have to take care of their parents or children , they have to make more money .
Still , young people do not have much spare time .
To sum up , the world nowadays makes young people survive by themselves , and they do spend a lot of time helping others .
Shakespeare 's path to Russia was rather thorny .
This is not surprising .
While William Shakespeare wrote his plays and made the thespian art flourish in England , in Russia it was the very dark and sinister period of Ivan the Terrible 's reign .
So , in Russian print , the name of Shakespeare is mentioned first in 1748 .
First translations appeared at the end of the 18th century , but this is not Shakespeare actually , because they are translated from German or French and the translators changed the plots as they wanted ( and turned them into tearjerkers as a rule ) .
For example , in one of the " Hamlet " translations , the main subject of the play turns out to be the relationship between Hamlet and Ophelia and Ophelia , in the meantime , turns out to be a daughter of Claudius ( obviously to make Hamlet 's torture completely unbearable ) .
It is close to unbelievable , but at first critics and educated people found Shakespeare rude , unpoetic and unpatriotic ( shame on you , blind and narrow - minded people !
Once more unto the breach ! ) .
But everything changed quite rapidly then .
The first accurate translation of Hamlet from the original was published in 1828 .
By 1855 , only six plays had been left untranslated .
It came into fashion and became honorable to translate Shakespeare .
Russian society gradually began to appreciate Shakespeare 's skill at portraying the greatness , depth , and complexity of a human being .
" The sun of Russian poetry " , Alexander Pushkin , took English lessons for the sake of being able to read Shakespeare .
And his drama Boris Godunov is certainly inspired by Macbeth .
In the poetical drama Masquerade by another famous Russian poet , Mikhail Lermontov , we clearly read Othello 's features .
And these are like branches on the tree of Shakespeare 's genius .
Since that time , Shakespeare has been one of our favorite artists .
We love his simplicity and veracity . We adore his multiplicity and imagination . We appreciate his straightness and audacity . We prize his delicacy and his sense of humour , of course !
The surprise of the weekend
First , I want to explain to you what happened to me on Saturday morning . I had to meet up with my friend Matus at 14 am , so when he told me that he could n't come over and could we meet up later , you can imagine how angry he made me , because I ca n't put up this kind of person who is always late .
On Saturday morning , I had to work and I had to do all the things as fast as was possible to be in the city centre at the exact time .
The worst part of the story was when he told me that he was going to have lunch with his friends .
I got cold feet . I could n't understand what was happening .
We were going to have lunch together , but he was going to come later .
Despite all , this I tried to calm myself down and I went to the library until Laura came to town .
During the afternoon I tried to keep my smile all the time because I did n't fancy going explain what was wrong with me .
Finally last night , I was studying in my room when the doorbell rang . I went to open the door and outside was my friend Matus .
This took me by surprise .
He wanted to explain to me what the problem was .
At the beginning , I did n't want to talk with him but , on second thoughts , all people deserve a second chance .
All in all , he apologized and in the end , everything was resolved .
We will go on being friends .
Hello , my name is Sebastian and I will talk about Azul Historico , which is a restaurant in Mexico City .
The restaurant is on Isabela Católica number 30 , suburb Centro Historico in Mexico City .
Azul Historico is a different restaurant and is located on the patio of an old building in the zocalo . The type of architecture of the place is colonial and between the tables are some trees , and these trees shade the diners when they are eating .
When you are eating you can see some birds that are in the trees , so it makes this restaurant unusual and different than others .
The service is good , the waiters serve excellently , the food is delicious , but some periods of the year the place is full of people and you need a reservation or to wait a long time for a table .
The cost of the restaurant dishes is expensive and is around 150 - 300 pesos .
It is so difficult to choose the three best dishes of the place but these three are some of the best typical dishes in Mexico : the " Cochinita Pibil " , " Chichilo Negro " and " Carne Enchipoclada " .
" Carne Enchipoclada " you need to choose the meat ( pork tenderloin , beef steak or deer meat ) and it is accompanied by a sauce of chille chipotle with potatoes cambray . "
Chichilo Negro " is a dish and you need to choose one of the three types of meat that I mentioned , but this is accompanied by a combination of 7 different types of moles originating from Oaxaca and the last dish is the typical " Cochinita Pibil " of Mexico .
If you want a different and unique restaurant , you must go to Azul Historico , because it has delicious food , sometimes has regional music and the service is excellent .
If we consider the potentiality of this means of communication , the television would be one of the most important inventions of this last century .
On the other hand , despite the numerous documentaries , news and cultural programs which are broadcast every day , another fact that must be considered is the incredible amount of so - called rubbish TV , which has been impacting badly on the younger generation , and the extreme violence of some movies transmitted even during times that should be considered as a protected band for children .
Furthermore , I should probably mention the enormous number of advertisements that people are forced to watch every single day once they have switched on this box .
In my opinion , the real problem of this potentially useful tool is the fact that television is essentially a passive means of communication .
As a matter of fact , viewers are not able to decide the script , but they can still decide to switch the television off .
Over the past years , humans have renewed and improved scientific progress and this causes a big change in the life of every day .
First , technology has radically changed the daily life of a simple family : a computer seems to be necessary and in every house there is more than one TV .
Conversely , with the latest medical discoveries , doctors are able to treat many of the world 's diseases .
Finally , with the exploitation of new renewable energy , humans have an infinite source of energy .
Well , there are a lot of different opinions , but I do not agree that the effects of scientific progress may be dangerous for the individual .
Dear Sir or Madam
I am writing to apply for the position of floor manager in your large department store .
As you can see on my CV , which I enclose with this letter , I have studied International Trade and have a degree in Economics and Marketing with high grades from the London Economics School during four years .
I did a Master 's in Business Management in the prestigious University of Harvard .
Also , I have a degree in IT from the Google University . I did that course online .
I have worked in Harrods for five years as a shopping assistant , and now I am working at the Apple Store in Covent Garden as floor manager . I am in charge of 15 employees .
I am looking for the chance to work for your company because I know that your store is the leader in large department stores in the UK and last year your company won the prize of " Best place to work in 2013 " , and I want to share my knowledge and my work experience to improve your profits every year .
I look forward to hearing from you as soon as possible .
Yours sincerely ,
Iñigo .
Nowadays there are a lot of different forms of conditioning that deeply influence people so that they feel the need to buy specific brands of items , object , cars and so on .
For example , every day we are invaded by facts from news on TV but it very often happens that some information is left in the background , whereas less important information is broadcast in its place .
Similarly , on TV , during the shows , between one programme and another , we are bombarded by the same ads all the time .
For this reason , I think that every day we are continuously surrounded by information , news , advertising so that we do n't have enough time to think what is really important and what we really need in our life and we can all be influenced very easily .
To whom it may concern ,
I am writing to you regarding your advertisement for a job in the USA , called USA SUMMER CAMPS .
I would like to apply for this position due to my experience in this field .
I am a 25-year - old girl and I have been working in summer camps in my country during the summertimes .
My main tasks were : taking care of children aged 10 - 15 , organising events such as parties , swimming competitions , outside sports matches etc . , and overall , I was in charge of preparing and cooking meals for more than 50 people .
Currently , I am very interested in working in the States in order to improve my English .
In march of 2014 , I got my First Certificate and I would be delighted to up my level and get the Advanced Level and this chance to join your company would be a great opportunity to improve my English .
For all these reasons , I am the most suitable candidate for this post and my experience is proof of that .
Please , do n't hesitate to contact me if you require any further information .
Yours faithfully
Gloria Caraballo
The film I would like to review is an old film I 've always enjoyed : Young Frankenstein directed by Mel Brooks in 1974 .
This comedy , entirely shot in black and white , is a parody of the classical horror films , in particular it 's a parody of those films based on Mary Shelley 's better - known book , and presents a lot of elements that give this film a really hilarious mark .
The performance of Gene Wilder , as the main character Dr Frankenstein , Marty Feldman , as the hunchbacked assistant Igor ( pronounced eye - gore ) , and the other members of the cast is amazing and has made Young Frankenstein one of the top comedies of all time .
Dear Sirs / Madams
I am writing because I would like to attain the First Certificate in English ( FCE ) .
I have tried three times to pass this exam but I failed .
Do you run a course which prepares for this difficult exam ?
I am looking forward to hearing from you .
Yours faithfully
There are many different types of music in the world today .
Why do we need music ?
Is the traditional music of a country more important than the International music that is heard everywhere nowadays ?
Music is a special world .
It has its own rules , tools and people who are specialized in it .
Over decades , music is an eternal art which develops day by day .
We need music most of the time or even every single day , to enrich our days with happiness and joy , and also to melt away sorrows or depression that can affect us and prevent us from doing our best .
Music is a science ! Yes it is .
It has many branches and types . Some are traditional : owned by any part of the world , and the other international types that all people throughout the world share .
The traditional or local music of a certain area has its thumb print on the people in that part of the world .
And the instruments used in that local music may vary from one sort to another .
Because the people tend to make them from their own basic culture .
For example , In Northern Sudan , people have been using the " Tambor " as a traditional spiritual tool for their songs .
Internationally , the kinds of music are many . However , most of them share the same instruments .
In particular , the piano is a universal instrument that is used by many musicians as a primary controller of the rhythm of the orchestra .
Last but not the least , music is a sort of treatment for those who are suffering , so , regardless of its type or nationality , it 's a kind of medicine for the soul .
And I enjoy it very much .
The prohibition and destruction of books has occurred in historical periods like the inquisition . Knowledge was manipulated by the powerful social statements such as the Catholic Church and monarchies , since knowledge through books had become a threat to their power within the social pyramid ; therefore , those powerful social statements chose what books did not violate their thought in order to transcribe them .
Although some ideas were maintained , ( for instance , the astronomy of Galileo Galilei ) , the book - burning caused a delay in knowledge because , if books were burned , the knowledge could not circulate .
Nevertheless , a knowledge revolution was created with the invention of the movable type printing press by Gutenberg ( 1440 ) because it gave access to knowledge , recovering significant books by Plato , Aristotle and so on , authors against political , religious and social issues could spread their ideas to more people who were becoming aware of the power of the written word , creating social revolutions such as the French and American ones .
In addition , it produced collective readings through the ecclesiastical method , with the purpose of disseminating the knowledge embodied in books to all social classes .
On the other hand , at present , people identify another knowledge revolution , the internet , in which access to knowledge is easier and faster , leaving aside books .
From the above , as far as I am concerned , when Franklin Rosemont argues that " books can not be killed by fire .
People die , but books never die " , it depends on the historical time and the technical revolution of this time , taking into account that knowledge revolution is always accompanied by a technical revolution which supports the spread of the information . For instance , in the inquisition , the knowledge was limited because it was embodied in books .
Although there was an oral tradition , the knowledge was adapted to the political and religious thought of the speaker . So , the most efficient and objective way to transmit knowledge was through books , and it was not possible because of the burning .
Nonetheless , with the invention of the movable type printing press , knowledge was different for the access to it .
If one book was burned , there were ten books more without restriction .
In contrast , nowadays , books are not necessary at all , because the internet facilitates knowledge even more .
That is why I could adapt the phrase by Franklin , saying that " knowledge can not be killed by people because knowledge is infinite . "
Nowadays what we most need is to find ways to prevent childhood obesity because nowadays it is a very common sickness that attacks more and more children every day , causing them to feel bad about themselves .
According to the CDC , the percentage of children aged 6 to 11 years old has increased from 7% to about 18% in 32 years in the United States .
This means that in the past three decades , obesity has more than doubled in children , same that had diseases just like diabetes , asthma , cardiovascular risk factors , mental health disorders and musculoskeletal problems .
This disease is not just about all the physical and health consequences that sufferers have , but also the mental ones .
A lot of kids grow up with a different way of thinking just because of the damage that children can cause . One example is the famous " bullying " , the principal method that kids use to annoy the ones that look different .
The best way we can prevent childhood obesity is by recommending all families a special doctor that can help them to give a safe life to their children .
Nutritionists are specialists that know a lot about all the types of sickness that can attack children and even the ones that will kill them .
Giving them the opportunity to take care of you and your situation will change all your life in a good way .
They can be there for you , preparing menus and a big extension of exercises that will help you and change your health and body , but only if you cooperate .
Nowadays people buy a lot of things that they do n't need .
In this essay we are talking above all about rich people .
So money , today , is really important in our lives and , in this case , rich people are very lucky .
They have a lot of money to buy things that they need , and things that they do n't need .
So it seems that these people can live happily and peacefully , without problems , but this is not true .
In fact , especially in rich families , the children are in trouble with their parents , above all when they have parents who are separated .
Also , most children grow up spoiled because of the large amount of money their family has , and they grow up wanting more and more things .
But on the other hand , there are poor people that aspire to become rich .
And these people do n't have money for things that they do n't need or for things that they need .
So , in this case , money is more important than other things .
So , in my opinion , today we ca n't live without money , but we have to consider more about feeling good with our families and with ourselves .
Dear director :
I would like to work for you in the USA summer camp .
I have little cousins and sisters so I 'm very good with kids . I 've experienced all kinds of situations , so I think they wo n't be a problem for me .
About the cooking , I attend an all - girls school and I have cooking lessons once a week .
I also like to bake cookies and sometimes , my mom asks me to take care of dinner .
As I said before , I have young cousins and we meet on Saturdays so I need to think of activities and games to keep them entertained .
I 'm also very good at sports . I practise track & field and ping pong , so sports are n't a problem either .
I 'm an outdoors person , so I will be very happy with the accommodation . I would be very thankful to work for you if you decide to accept my application .
I hope you have a great day ,
Margot
Dear Mrs Sykes ,
I have seen your advertisement on the internet and I would like to apply for the post as activity coordinator .
I am 16 years of age and , due to having a sister , I really like working with children and also know their interests well . I have enjoyed and practised swimming since I was eight years old and I have also won some competitions , so I believe that I am suitable for the job .
In addition , I go jogging every Sunday morning with some friends .
My reason for applying for this position is that I am good at combining my experience of swimming with my broad knowledge of the countryside , which I think will be interesting for the children .
Yours sincerely
Federica Chiu
I think that 50 years ago people could n't even imagine what life would be like in our time .
Today , human civilisation is changing at a higher speed than any time in the past .
If this will also be the case in our future , then I think that today we underestimate our future .
I am only sure about one thing : technologies will have a more important place in our lives .
Maybe in 50 years people wo n't work as we do now , instead , we will only build robots .
Maybe in 50 years we will find out how our brain works and we will be able to create an artificial intelligence system that will solve all our problems .
I would like to think that in the future we will explore the universe more and we will colonise other planets .
Maybe by doing this we will be able to find other civilisations and exchange technologies with them .
I 'd like to think that we will find a way to travel through the universe at higher speeds than the speed of light .
I do n't think that people will live forever in 50 years , but I hope that the life of our children will be better than ours .
Hopefully , I have a chance of being alive in 50 years , so maybe I will see the future with my own eyes .
Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately .
That morning his , grandmother had gone to the hospital because she had to have an operation and she told him to buy some magazines for her , because at the hospital she 'd be bored and she could n't get out of bed for a few days .
His mother was working and his dad was out of town and that 's why she asked him to do her that favour and he could n't say no .
So Peter went home to get his wallet , but before that he decided to take a nap because he was tired , so he started to sleep , but it ended up that he slept for over 3 hours and his mother started calling him on the telephone and she was really angry because he forgot to buy the magazines for his grandmother .
So he woke up and looked at his watch and knew that he had to buy them immediately or his mother would be even more angry than before .
He took his wallet and then he ran to buy the magazines and after that he went to the hospital to give them to his granny .
Unfortunately , the hospital was already closed to visitors , so he had to wait until the next morning .
A FANTASTIC FUTURE
Will transport be different in the future ?
Certainly it will be .
But how ?
If we think about the future , some sketches of famous movies could come to our mind .
For example , we could think about some odd cars that can fly or become invisible .
But I do n't think that in ten or twenty years scientific progress will be able to produce this type of transport , so we should imagine something simpler .
Actually , in my opinion , in the future there will be faster transport .
In addition , means of transport will be able to produce less pollution .
Even if people do n't use public transport nowadays , in the future they will .
And how will our way of travelling change ?
In the future , everyone will be able to go on holiday all around the world since the transport will be faster and cheaper .
To sum up , I think that means of transport in the future will make our life easier , both when we have to go to work or to school and when we want to travel .
Transport will also respect the environment and nature .
Do n't you think that this future is fantastic ?
For decades , man has preferred to use another way of getting around than using his own feet .
In my opinion , that was the main reason for the invention of the wheel .
Scientists have been able to provide , in recent years , new means of transport , from cycles , to motorcycles , motorcars , trains , metros , which have been used to arrange and accomplish complete public transportation networks throughout a country , and sometimes extend it beyond another country 's border by agreement between those countries .
Many people say that they prefer using their own cars , but they are being forced to use public transport for many reasons , such as , the complications they face with the driver 's license , in addition to the high cost of fuel .
They were more likely forced rather than having to choose it as an option .
Let 's not forget the hard times during cold weather , especially in winter , while going to the bus stops , or their low chances of having a good place to sit . Maybe there is another important reason that raises private transport 's score compared to public transport , which is molestation .
The end
Dear Paul ,
I am writing to tell you about the concert .
Last month , I enjoyed helping at the Rainbow concert .
The aim of this concert was to show that all children are the same .
I was invited to help at a concert by my English teacher .
I did a lot to make this concert better .
My teacher asked me to find some songs about rainbows and extracts from books about children .
Moreover , I went to Vilnius primary school and invited schoolchildren to come to the concert .
I had to make one hundred invitation cards .
The cards included the programme of the concert and some photos of children from all over the world .
I was really excited about it .
It was a very good and useful experience .
I gained a lot of experience while organizing the event .
Also , I learned that you have to be very enthusiastic and self - confident because finding the sponsors for a concert is quite a difficult task . I liked that the teacher trusted me .
I did everything by myself because everyone had something to do on their own .
I hope that I will use this experience in my future .
See you soon ,
Rasa
I have lived in Kiev for two years .
I have been many times to different places that I did n't know before .
And now I can easily speak about many shopping facilities in my city .
So , let 's begin .
To start with , you must decide what kind of shopping you prefer and how much money you have .
If you want to go to the cheap shops , you have to go to Teremky .
You can find many shops there with second - hand clothes you taste .
There are many good things from Asia , America and Europe , of course .
If you have enough money for Kiev luxury shopping , called ' gold shoppping ' , you 'd better go on Khreshatik Street .
You can also find many shops with branded , expensive clothes from well - known world designers .
I like to go shopping there with my best friends at the weekend .
I often buy second - hand , old - fashioned jeans , skirts , trousers , jackets and shoes .
I think it is very good for students , if you want to save money .
In conclusion , I have to say that in Kiev you can find everything , if you really want to .
So , good luck .
Art / Music is less important than science / technology .
In my opinion , technology is becoming more and more important than art and is a necessary part of our lives .
Most people in this world ca n't live without technology .
As soon as we open our eyes every day , we begin to use technology , such as alarms , cell phones and lights .
The more technology we use , the more important it is .
Technology makes it easy to connect with our family , friends and co - workers .
We can talk to our family and friends immediately , which is not limited by space .
I can call my dad who lives in New York now , then call my friend living in Norway after the first call .
Therefore , if I had studied abroad fifty years ago , I would n't have been able to call my family directly and it was also not an easy task .
However , technology made it easier ten years ago and it has become more common in recent years .
I ca n't believe that we keep in touch with our family and friends not only by voice and message but also by video call now .
Technology is one important part of our lives which has made life more convenient .
Before the computer was born in this world , we used paper to list something which we should buy and it could disappear or be ruined by something .
Therefore , we use a calculator to count numbers in a few seconds .
In the old days , we calculated numbers with our brains and that could lead to some mistakes .
Our life has been transformed into an easy life by technology .
Besides , the greatest invention is the Internet .
I sit in front of my computer and I get news from around the world .
If I am hungry , I can order some delicious food online .
As one person said , ' ' Sitting at a computer , you will get the world . ''
It is easier to contract entertainment which can release our stress immediately .
In the modern world , stress always disturbs our lives .
Pressure exists everywhere ; for instance , your boss was angry and shouted at you or you have to carefully deal with the relationship between you and your father - in - law .
When you ca n't breathe in your life , you need some entertainment ; for example , you can listened to music on your cellphone or watch some funny videos after all the things that bothered you .
It lowers our blood pressure and releases our stress .
Technology enables us to access entertainment immediately .
Technology has changed our lives in many ways , which brings many advantages for us , such as convenience , making it easy to connect with friends and easier to access entertainment .
In conclusion , in these three premises , I consider that technology and science are more important than art and music .
Science practically improves our lives .
Have you read any sports magazines before ?
There are a lot of magazines in many fields of sports .
In magazines , they tell us we can see a lot of games no matter where we are .
With modern technology , we can see a game which happened on the opposite side of the earth .
Time and place are n't relevant for people to watch a game .
Everybody has a favorite sport .
Soccer is one of the popular sports for many people .
The World Cup is a world famous festival .
People can enjoy just watching the soccer game and they are eager to root for their favorite team .
Why is soccer one of the best sports in the world ?
Here are 2 reasons .
First of all , soccer is more active than other sports .
Activity makes people excited and remember their memory .
This activity also makes us enjoy watching and playing the game .
For example , American football always has a moment to set the position .
To me , it is boring point when I watch American football .
I can give you another example .
Watching the baseball game also bores me .
Sometimes , a game just ends up in a pitcher and catcher 's ball game .
Other players just stand there and watch the game just like us .
However , in soccer , every single player touches the ball , even the goalkeeper has a chance to get the ball .
At this point , there is a second reason I can give .
The second reason is that soccer involves all players participating in the game .
For baseball , if the hitter could n't hit the ball , the other players would not need to move at all .
To me , that is weird .
Players are on the same ground and some people are playing the game and some are not .
Playing for almost 3 hours , some players could n't touch the ball .
Can we say these players participated in the game ?
I would not say so .
If somebody wanted to play soccer , I would recommend that he or she has to do some stretching because soccer is a very active sport , so you always have a possibility to be injured .
Also , I would say you should wear soccer shoes and socks .
Those items will help you not to be injured .
Drinking enough water would be good habit for enjoying not only soccer but also any other sport .
Nowadays , many people have their own favorite sports , but people are starting to ignore other sports except their favorite sport .
We need to respect other sports and other people 's perspectives .
Soccer could be one of the boring sports to other people .
Anna knew that it was going to be a very special day for her , because it was her 18th birthday .
She knew that her parents were preparing a surprise for her , but it was kept as a big secret until the party that night .
When she came back from school , her parents and all her classmates were hiding in the living room and waiting for her .
When she opened the door , the boys set off fireworks .
Anna did n't understand what had just happened .
She looked around the living room , and was surprised how many people were there .
Then she thanked her parents , and started to enjoy the party .
Her parents had organised many contests , musical and karaoke .
There were many sweets , cocktails , fruits .
Anna was happy !
Then she and her friends went out and walked through all the town until early morning .
Anna was very happy and excited and thanked her parents heartily for this birthday party .
She slept all the day after this big celebration .
Her parents looked at her , and they were happy for her .
Their girl had grown up !
Dear Jo ,
I 'm very pleased with your letter . I 'm going to try to give you some advice .
In the Czech Republic , there are many places you should visit .
The Czech Republic is rich with history .
For example , in our capital city , Prague , there are many historical buildings like Carl 's Bridge , the Cathedral of St. Vit , the big clock called Orloj , and so many others .
In Prague is many good shops with clothes , souvenirs and many good things to buy .
If you prefer to go to the countryside , I can recommend our mountains , Krkonoše , Jeseníky or Šumava .
There there is very beautiful countryside , peace and fresh air .
You can go there just for a walk or for some sports like running or cycling .
If you go to south Morava , you should definitely try some wines or the drink called Slivovice .
Here there are also many nice castles .
For example , near Prague is the castle called Karlštejn , where Karel IV lived , or the castle called Buchlovice , which is in the south - east of our country near the city of Uherské Hradiště .
These are very nice castles .
Otherwise , the opportunities for a job here are quite plentiful .
It depends what job you would like to do .
I do n't know what else to write .
If you would like to ask anything or get to know more information about some place , just let me know .
Best regards ,
Pavel
Dear Mr Smith .
I am Melina and I am interested in your job vacancy .
To begin , I would like to say that I love children .
In my opinion , we should build a perfect world for them to grow up in a safe and environmentally friendly place .
I have experience of taking care of children .
I am the eldest in my family , so I had to take care of my sisters and cousins .
I have enrolled in different courses about child development and currently I am working as an au pair where I have to speak English .
I belonged to sports clubs at my high school .
Although I am very keen on rugby and basketball , during university I took belonged to the badminton club .
And I have just learnt how to play ice hockey .
As I have said before , I have to look after two kids , which includes cooking for them .
Although cooking is my weak point , I always try my best .
I cook different healthy dishes every day for the whole family and they love it .
Will I have to cook my own recipes ?
English will not be a problem because I know how to communicate with young people .
Awaiting your response .
Melina .
My favourite sports are gymnastics and martial arts .
I 've been doing martial arts for eleven years but I haven't lost the passion I feel for it .
The first martial art that I tried was tae kwon doo and I practised it for 5 years . After that , I started kung fu and I 'm still there .
I have been doing gymnastics for 4 months and am fascinated with it , I like to be tired from doing stunts , and I also feel very healthy because I exercise daily . If it 's not gymnastics , it 's kung fu .
I like those sports because you need a lot of strength and dedication to get better . I like kung fu weapons and hands - free forms . To do something spectacular in kung fu , you have to do acrobatic gymnastics .
I invited my friends to try these sports and apparently they liked it , many did not because they did not know what it was , but after experiencing it for yourself , you realize that they are very beautiful sports .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
I tried to renew my membership twice yesterday and there was an error message both times .
So I gave up to try it again today .
I received a call from my credit card company this morning to confirm and authorize that payment , telling me that there were two attempts to charge my credit card .
After authorizing my credit card company , I tried to renew it , but again , there was the same error message .
So , I did n't try it again , because I think that there must have been a problem not related to my credit card account .
I am waiting for some instructions about what I have to do now to renew my membership .
Best regards ,
Amauri Tijerina Luna
Owning a pet is popular today even if your home is in a big city .
Many people today have pets of all kinds .
Owning a pet would benefit all members of a family .
First of all , a pet is a friend for the family and , much better , is a member of the family .
One more advantage of owning a pet is that it helps children learn to be responsible and caring .
It is also good to adopt an animal which does n't have a home and food and give it this love and affection .
On the other hand , there are a lot of disadvantages to owning a pet in big cities .
Pets and animals in general need fresh air and exercise outside and not to be always in an apartment .
I have heard about pets that get sick through living in a small apartment in town , and that is terrible .
In my opinion , it might seem good to have a pet if we take care of it .
All in all , owning a pet in a big city must be done carefully , ensuring all that the pet needs .
Television can be capable of both entertaining and educating at the same time .
Good authors , I think , have to be able to find a way to keep together these two important aspects .
The first thing that I would suggest TV authors do , is to focus on a set of strategic topics for an advanced society .
Environmental protection for instance , or more practically , the correct use of the water in our houses .
Another example could be represented by first aid activities and so on .
The topics can be easily focused on if we have in mind a model of society where individuals have a central role .
Various contents could have an educative value . For example , those concerning our relationships with others , or our relationship with nature and with different cultures and religions .
All these topics , by using creativity and new technologies , can be dealt with in a way to make them soft and able to entertain .
Today , I would like to tell you a shocking piece of news .
It is that 76 people are confirmed dead in a Colombian plane crash .
I think some of you have already heard this news .
Here is some basic information about the news .
A charter plane carrying 72 passengers , including players from Brazilian soccer team Chapecoense , crashed near Rionegro , Colombia , according to the country 's civil aviation department .
Nine crew members were also on board .
The civil aviation agency had initially announced that six passengers , three players , two crew members , and one journalist , survived the crash .
I think it is a catastrophe to victims and their families .
Recently , more and more airplane accidents occur .
Although I have never taken an airplane , I would feel worry if I travelled by plane .
To avoid accidents , the government and airline companies have to do something to prevent tragedies .
For example , regularly examination of the condition of airplanes is needed . At the same time , teaching people how to act when facing an emergency .
Thank you for your attention .
Grammar is the most difficult part of learning English .
There are few ways that help us master it .
First of all , you need to preview . If you do this , you 'll have a clear idea about what you are going to learn in class .
It'll make you learn faster .
Next , when you are in a class , focus on what the teacher says , she / he will teach you and give you a clearer understanding about grammar .
And they will also remind you about some key points you did n't understand when you previewed it .
In the class , you should take notes and write down what is important . If you have any questions , then you should ask teachers to help .
They'll be glad to help .
Finally , when you learn some grammar concepts that are new to you , you need to practice them . It 'll help you remember them and how to use them .
If you do all the things above , I promise your grammar will improve and you 'll master it eventually .
I visit the Spaniards Arms quite often .
Usually I go there with my friends or colleagues for dinner or lunch .
Next to Hamstead Heath , this historic Inn is full of character .
The menu is more than one would expect from a pub or even a gastro - pub .
I like the variety of the main course selection and drinks .
I opted for a steak there once .
Surprisingly , they serve it with a half cut bone which is quite fun in itself , even before you taste the dish . The mashed potato is creamy and full of butter .
The meat is perfectly prepared , whether you ordered it bloody or well done .
Try one of the cloudy ciders on tap and you will not be disappointed !
Taking care of our environment is considered , by many of us , one of the most important things in our lives .
Nowadays , in order to have the best for the current and future generations , there are common international ways for individuals to contribute to solving environmental problems .
Recycling is both a popular and an undervalued method .
Everybody knows what separating rubbish into different bins means , but , a large part of society believes that it is not worth doing it if there are people that do not recycle .
I would say to them , then , how do they explain all the sheets of paper , crystal and plastic items that have been made from recycled materials , allowing us to save tons of primal resources ?
Saving energy is the other important method available to everyone .
Using respective light bulbs , household appliances and any other thing that saves energy is the only way that individuals can help but , it is not effective .
Although an entire town or city contributes to saving energy in their homes , it can not be compared with the waste of energy that industries are responsible for .
In this case , restrictions should be implemented by the government .
Taking everything into consideration , there is a good argument for supporting recycling , which is the following one : the biggest waste of energy takes place in primal resources industries . If we reused all the materials that had already been exploited , we would reduce its costs by at least half .
The chilis restaurant at 123 Street , Toronto , is really a great place to hang out .
The scrumptious food served makes me go back there often . If you want to have a lip - smacking dessert , this is the ultimate place .
Everyone will love the appetizers and main courses served there .
The spice levels are suitable for everyone .
Also , the ambience of the restaurant is marvelous .
If you want to have a quiet , cozy dinner , you can sit at the table in the corner .
Whereas if you are going there to party with friends or watch a game , you get a table in a suitable place . I believe that if we could all go to this restaurant at the end of our course , we will surely have a great time .
Today , recycling used clothes is popular in Japan .
For several years , the number of secondhand clothing stores increased and a lot of people use them .
Japanese people take an interest in used clothes .
It is involved with a recycling spirits in the Edo period .
In the Edo period , there was a society that was called " super recycling - oriented society " .
Most products and materials were recycled and changed into new products .
People did this without special efforts .
It was done very naturally in their lives .
There were many specialists to repair , recycle and collect products in the Edo period .
Used clothes were sold by a " gyosyo " , which means peddler .
In 1723 , there were 1182 secondhand clothing stores .
That was just the number of union members , so in fact , there were more secondhand clothing stores in the Edo period .
The key reason why the used clothes industry expanded is " kimono " .
Kimono has a very simple structure .
It can be made from used clothes by patching and darning .
Another point is that clothes was more valuable than now .
So people set a high value on clothes .
For these reasons , used clothes took hold in japan .
After that , western clothes became popular in Japan and the recycling system was forgotten for a long time .
However , secondhand clothing stores have been increasing in recent years .
There are many secondhand clothing stores now .
Japanese people have the spirit of recycling and loving old things even now .
The media , also known as mass media , is one of the most powerful means of spreading information .
It gives people the opportunity to get to know what is happening all around the world regarding every issue , such as poverty , occupation , discrimination , suppression of human rights , and so on .
Nowadays , we can easily get information we need through the Internet , in the newspapers , on the TV .
As European citizens , we are surrounded , directly or indirectly , with loads of social problems and issues in Europe , so we have to acquire our right of free access to information privately and randomly in order to stop corruption , to acquire knowledge about our rights .
So that we can be active citizens and help the EU continue to develop .
Many years ago I used to go to the cinema every Sunday afternoon .
It was the best way to spend my free time with friends .
I never minded what kind of film I could see .
Only the place was important .
Nevertheless , today I usually go to the cinema when I really want to watch a particular film .
My likes regarding films have changed too .
When I was younger I would rather watch romantic films . I used to cry when the handsome boy kissed that pretty girl , or I was waiting for the special moment to say goodbye to the baddies .
Nowadays , I try to choose films with good actors or actresses , special scripts and plots , documentary stories or special renowned Directors ' films , like Almodovar , Sanchez Arévalo or Alex de la Iglesia .
On the one hand , comedies are my favourites because I need to laugh when I have finished my work .
But on the other hand , I have got used to going to the cinema as often as I can , but I wish cinema were cheap .
It 's a pity
I strongly agree with the statement that shopping is not always an enjoyable thing .
First , there are often a lot of people in bigger shops .
It comes as no surprise that it is extremely difficult to find the necessary thing at a good price in a defined time in a crowd .
Once , I remember myself hanging around in the shopping mall Akropolis in order to buy shoes in two hours . I did not manage to get particular one , because of size , which some shops suddenly could not suggest as well as the quality of others did not seem to be valuable for fixed prices .
So , I did not buy new shoes that day . Despite that , I was happy to get away from crowds and shops .
Second , shopping malls have places full of advertisements and loud songs playing .
It is no surprise that a person visits a big shopping mall after his long working day .
He is tired and because of winter he wears a warm coat .
What happens ?
He hears different kinds of songs , advertisements for sales and this confused person starts buying things which are not useful to him in reality .
The problem goes after the problem and a person starts to feel sick .
Also , it is a well - known fact , that it is extremely hot to be wearing a coat in a shopping mall in the winter season .
The problem is that a person has to carry his coat in one hand with his other purchases , which is not so easy .
Finally , not every assistant is able to advise you appropriately .
There are some assistants who , if you ask or even do not ask , start suggesting the best products as well as the most expensive ones to you .
This can make your shopping really annoying , because some types of people need to check by themselves in order to evaluate the quality of a product .
To sum up , shopping is not always an enjoyable thing , because it takes time , the shops are often full of people and a person can be annoyed quickly by incompetent assistants eager to help you by suggesting the most expensive products .
So , shopping does not always provide good feelings .
Hi Jennie ,
I 'm glad you moved . I haven't got round to finding time to spend with you .
I 'm afraid I ca n't go running in the mornings . I 'm very busy at work .
There are plenty of clubs in the town .
If I were you , I would join the one in the avenue , because of the facilities
it has , such as the swimming pool and the gym as well .
Working out in the gym twice a week is enough as long as you eat healthily and , of course , you should forget those delicious cakes you usually make !
I 'd love to teach you how to swim and the gym in the avenue is perfect for that .
What about Saturday mornings ?
I 'm really looking forward to doing it !
I really do hope you get used to the neighborhood .
Talk to you soon ,
Sebastian
Football
Football is the most beautiful sport in the world . It 's the dream profession of almost all boys when they are kids . When you play in your neighbourhood , you are playing that you 're Messi , or Cristiano Ronaldo or your favourite player of your team .
It 's the most fun sport in the world . When you 're kicking the ball , you are kicking the bad energies of your life , you will be infected by passion .
But the passion is not only when you are playing football , you can increase your passion by supporting a team in the good times and the bad times , going to the stadium , and when your team achieve glory , you can also feel that , and in those moments , you are the happiest person in the world .
So I invite you to experience the love and passion that you feel when you are playing or watching a football match . And if you share this love with another person , the passion increases a lot , your feelings are at a higher level , in this sport you can feel the glory , and in the next second , you can start to cry because you r team ca n't finish the journey to the championship .
There are lots of interesting sports , but there is normally one that you like the most .
In my case , it is not really a sport in itself , it is a cultural activity which needs a big physical effort .
I am talking about dancing , specifically ballet .
I consider it one of the best sporty and cultural activities because you keep fit at the same time as you express yourself making an artwork .
For dancing you need some mental and physical skills , but none of them are as hard as people think .
You have to be a disciplined and well - balanced person . That 's it .
Both characteristics will help you in other types of tasks and will improve your future development .
The start is the hardest part , considering that your body is not used to doing this kind of sport . However , once you are into it , everything becomes easier and you feel healthy and much more active .
So , if you are starting it , do n't give up because difficulties arise , just relax and be aware that you and your body require time to adapt to this new activity .
You will notice how the improvements come without thinking too much .
One of the things that I enjoy the most is that you dance in a group , so you meet people and you can make friends after a while .
You must not be on your own , otherwise you can not dance in a company , so that you share your passion with people that feel the same and that makes a strong relationship forever .
I encourage everyone to try it . I am sure you will become a better person .
I did not find it hard at all . As a matter of fact , it was easier than I thought .
1 . I guessed I had more fluency at writing , which suggests how well I 've improved .
2 . I did n't get stuck often at thinking of which word I should use , which gave me enough time to finish .
3 . I wrote the quantity of words required .
4 . Everything was kept neatly .
Nothing was found difficult or struggling .
I did my best and I succeeded in getting a 5.0 .
Nevertheless , I would like to improve some skills and although I did very well , I still got confused .
1 . I overthought every so often , because I was not sure if what I was doing was alright .
2 . I should stop thinking in Spanish and think more in English since translating might be confusing .
MY FAVOURITE SPORT
Choosing a sport to practise is a complicated thing . You should choose something that you enjoy , but at the same time , something you can afford to pay for .
As a result of that , I have tried many sports in my life .
My favourite is diving .
Although you may think that is a dangerous sport , which it can be , the adrenaline rush you feel when you are in the water makes it worth the danger .
If you are going to start doing it , I would recommend you to start taking lessons with an expert instructor .
It is very important to check the equipment first .
If you are not used to doing it , you could make a mistake , and that is when the sport becomes dangerous .
After a few lessons , you will be able to go diving by yourself and enjoy the sensation of freedom that this sport gives you .
It is like you are isolated from the world , just you and the ocean .
I have to say that it is one of the most amazing feelings that I have ever felt in my life .
I encourage you to try it .
Without a doubt , our life is changing quickly and we do not realise this .
What will our life be like in the future ?
To begin with , the main change will be the use of renewable energy instead of fossil fuels .
Nowadays , people are aware of environmental problems and they will try to figure out solutions .
For example , all future houses will use solar cells to produce electricity .
Moreover , there will be important technological advances in our lives , like intelligent mobile phones which can help us with day - to - day tasks .
Not only will they be used to telephone , but we could pay with them too .
They will check your empty fridge and if you run out of any vegetables , your mobile phone will warn your supermarket and they will bring them .
However , robots will not replace humans in the daily tasks .
So , we should carry on dusting , cleaning or washing .
Although cars will be better than now , they will not fly yet .
The streets will be full of cars in the rush hours .
To conclude , it is impossible to argue against the fact that people 's lives will change in the next years , but these changes will help to improve our environment and our daily life .
It is often said , that shopping is a pleasant activity , but sometimes it becomes bothersome .
However , there are situations we do not find enjoyable at all .
I will mention some of the reasons why and times when shopping can be unenjoyable .
Firstly , when we do not have enough time in the morning to go shopping , we have to do it in the evening when most people go and buy things they need .
Shopping may cause frustration , mainly when we have to squeeze through the crowd .
Secondly , shopping definitely become unenjoyable when we are not able to find products we want and desire .
Also , overspending .
Shops use a lot of tricky ways to encourage people to buy more than they need .
Nevertheless , people try to save money by every conceivable means .
To conclude , we have to know when and to which shop we should go to avoid stressful and not enjoyable situations .
Probably one of the most discussed topics - global warming - is also the most serious issue the world is facing today .
Researchers have proved that human activities such as industrialization , deforestation etc . can trigger global warming .
In this essay I will be highlighting some of the dangers of climate change and different ways through which governments and individuals may help to overcome this challenge .
One of the most obvious effects of global warming is the depletion of the ice at the North & South Poles , in turn causing the sea level to rise and encroachment of land .
These phenomena cause serious damage to ecosystems and sea life .
Further , continuous rising temperatures are impacting weather patterns and leading to natural disasters .
There is scientific evidence that disasters like Katrina and Hud - Hud can be linked to global warming .
As global warming can have such serious impacts on life on Earth ,
it is time to intervene and take action .
Governments can dictate strict norms to control pollution and carbon footprints .
For example , governments can impose limits on emissions produced by manufacturing plants and force industries to help with reforestation .
Individuals can also play their part in controlling global warming .
For example , individuals can reduce the use of plastic materials , use public transport to control emissions , recycle waste etc .
To conclude , global warming is a serious concern which can not be ignored any longer .
Governments & individuals both have a role to play in facing this the biggest challenge of the time the Earth is facing .
Dear Sir / Madam ,
I am writing to apply for a job in the summer camps .
My name is Stela . I am 36 years old and my English is very good .
I am a very hard - working , organized , calm and friendly person .
I have two kids ; one is 8 years old and the other one is 10 years old , so I have plenty of experience with kids .
I believe I have the skills , knowledge and expertise you are looking for . I have worked before for my local community for 6 years while I was looking after my children too .
My tasks there were working with children of all ages to organise events , sports activities and evening activities . I also helped with cleaning the centre , helping in the kitchen with cooking and working closely with clients and customers in our Café .
I would love to work in a summer camp as I always enjoy going on camps with friends and family .
It would be a great experience for me to work so close to the countryside .
I look forward to hearing from you and hope you will invite me for an interview .
Yours faithfully ,
Stela Volkov
Michael is an editor for an international student magazine .
He held a short story competition to improve students ' writing .
He hoped a lot of students would join in with this activity , so he made a rule which was that if you got your friends ' writing , you could get 1 dollar per writing .
The message was posted on the website .
When I saw that message , I was excited about persuading my friends to enter this competition .
I thought , no matter who wins the competition , we all must get 1 dollar as a prize .
But my friends were not interested in that competition , they thought writing was boring and getting 1 dollar was small .
I told them , you can just write , no matter what you write .
Finally , they copied my article for this competition .
They only wanted to get the free dollar and did n't spend time focussing on the writing .
One day , Michael entered his office and his employee happily told him , " we got a lot of responses " .
When he read the contents of the article , he discovered many of them were similar .
He was sad to go to his office .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Academic culture refers to the attitudes and values that are shown by the people who work or study at universities .
After I joined ACU ( Australian Catholic University ) , I found vast differences in teaching methods between Nepal and Australia .
In Nepal , students study individually and do not ask questions of the tutor even if they are confused .
Meanwhile , Australian education is based on making students learn new skills .
Students need to take active participation in discussion with their peers .
Besides , students are able to raise questions with the lecturer because they can express their opinion .
At first , I felt difficult , stressed while studying in groups and used to hesitate while sharing my ideas and opinions , but now I am familiar with the academic culture .
Academic culture is a challenge for many students for effective learning .
Peer learning is a small group of three to five students who are kept together to discuss the content and carry out educational activities in mutual engagement .
( Fisher , as cited in Strake , 2010 , p.2 ) , Peer learning is a two - way learning process in which members of a group find it easier to discuss the content .
It helps to know the importance of group work by giving and receiving feedback on particular tasks .
According to Hamp ( 2002 ) , the goal of an EAP ( English For Academic Purpose ) course is to teach students relevant study skills they need throughout their degree .
It helps to share ideas and knowledge , among students and make them think critically , by using formal language while writing , and so on .
In conclusion , the adoption of the Australian academic culture has developed strategies for my learning .
I have become an independent learner and started to raise questions and share my opinion with the tutor .
In the future , I will improve my learning strategies by working actively in groups .
I want to talk about a restaurant called " Bierkeller "
It 's a restaurant located in Villa General Belgrano , Cordoba and its speciality is German food .
You have all the kinds of German food you can imagine , from sausages with choucrut to Gullash with spatzle .
You also have common meats and basic food if you do n't want to try other types of food .
The restaurant is beautiful , it 's of a normal size , with a lot of space and very well decorated , you have many photos and paintings to look at .
Most of the paintings and photos are from Germany , because that town was occupied by German people many years ago .
It is also quiet , so it will suit the class perfectly , we do n't talk that much or make annoying noise .
People at the restaurant are very kind , they treat you in a very polite way and it is worth going there
If we go to Bierkeller , we wo n't regret it and we will have a great time trying different types of food , learning maybe a little bit of the history of the town and being happy as a group
Almost everybody has at some time thought of taking a gap year between leaving school and starting university , but do we really know all the advantages and disadvantages that it entails ?
On one hand , a large proportion of the global population consider this year off a way of learning and gaining experience while you enjoy travelling all around the world and you get to know people from all the different cultures .
Nowadays , employers are looking for experienced people who know how to adapt to all the different situations they could be involved in , such as an international lecture or a difficult plight .
It is also said that at the time of heading to college , those people who have taken a year off are the ones who have least difficulties learning and relating with other students because they have got used to it before .
It is a fact that those who spend a year abroad working on something can save money for university and they become more independent .
But taking a year off has its downsides as well , like the time people waste working on something they are not going to do in the future , because with any kind of extracurricular studies , people strangely find a good job .
That is why it is recommended to wait until you finish university to look for a job .
Another fact that should be highlighted is that while you are working for a year , people of your age are at university , and that means that they will probably finish their degrees a year earlier than you , and this could be an inconvenience for you , because you will have to have classmates who are a year younger .
The important thing is that you are gaining skills that you can apply in your future career .
Many automobile companies are working for a new future of automobiles .
For many years , Apple , Google and several traditional automakers have been running prototypes which drive by themselves and nobody needs to steer the car .
The question arises if driverless cars will be a boon or a bane to us ?
Some people argue that this new idea of cars is a milestone for us and it will bring only positive effects with it .
First of all , self driving cars are good for people who have got a handicap .
At the moment , people who have got a handicap can not drive a car by themselves .
This has a devastating effect on their independence and living freely .
When these people can drive a self - driving car , they feel more comfortable and they can live more freely .
However , it is also important to remember that people with a handicap have got the same rights and opportunities as people without a handicap .
Similarly important is the fact that self - driving cars are safer than non- self - driving cars .
The rising number of deadly car accidents raise an important question for all of us .
Is car driving really safe ?
Self - driving cars are steered by very modern software and this software is so exact that the number of accidents will decline .
In contrast , self driving cars are very expensive and many people can not buy one .
Self - driving cars are very modern and drive with highly technical software .
Rich people can buy one , but people from the middle class can not .
In the future , this could create a big gap between poor and rich people .
This is the reason why self - driving cars may be something only for rich people in the near future .
The automobile companies have to work on a plan so that self - driving can be bought by people from the middle class too .
When this happens , self - driving cars will be an enrichment in our lives .
The Reading museum in Berkshere has visitors from all age groups , but is particularly suitable for young people who need help with school projects or want to take up creative things as a hobby .
They have a number of workshops for young people from beginner to semi - professional , and most of those are not so expensive .
You can learn various interesting such as painting , photography , ceramics , from the lifework professionals .
I took the ' ceramic course for beginners ' once .
Actually it was fun and I was able to make a lot of friends .
You should n't miss the stylish cafe in the museum .
Their lunch menus are gorgeous and the prices are reasonable .
You can also enjoy a quiet afternoon in the cafe if you go there around evening .
I really recommend every young person to visit it once when you have time , although it might be better to avoid the weekends .
to : Miss Analia
from : Candela Bergamaschi
subject : the transport in my local area
date : 24th June
introduction :
As requested , I have investigated the features of the main means of transport which are used in my local area .
My findings are presented below .
Buses :
Buses are the main transport in my area .
These are very cheap and people who do not have a car use them to go everywhere . However , this mode of transport is not so comfortable , because sometimes you have to travel with lots of people .
Cars :
People use their cars for travelling a long or short distance . This is really comfortable because you can manage the speed and where you will direct .
Another option :
If you are not keen on travelling by bus and you do not want to get the car out of the garage , taxis may be the best option .
These are a combination of buses and your own car .
Conclusion
I believe that there should be more buses for the convenience of people .
There are several options to choose from , but the choice depends on each individual .
My favorite sport is Football . I like it because it is a sport that does n't need a lot of money to be played .
In my country , for instance , people start playing football at a very early age .
The only thing they need is to have a ball and a piece of land .
Anybody can play football .
The other reason why I like playing football is because it is a team sport .
By playing football , you meet a lot of people of your age and make some friends .
Finally , football is , like all sports , very good for your health .
Playing football on a regular basis helps to maintain good health .
My advice to people who want to play football is to be passionate , to like and feel football .
As I said , it is not mandatory to have all the special equipment but it could help .
They also have to remember that it is a contact sport .
So it might cause some injuries .
And for those who like football but are scared of getting injured , they still have the opportunity to watch games on TV and play video games .
During summer it is common to see many people in parks practising sports , like running , cycling , or just doing every kind of physical activity .
Thank god , I live right opposite one big park .
So , when I wake up every morning , also pushed because I am a very active person , I get such motivation to go out and do something .
I sometimes go cycling , running , or even dancing on Sunday .
I also go swimming in my apartment 's pool , and surfing when I manage to get to the beach .
But , I do n't only do sports in summer , because in winter I also do fun sports , like skiing , snowboarding , and Ice skating , among others .
So , when my friends ask me which is my favourite sport , a problematic decision comes to my mind , simply because I like them all .
But one of these sports comes to the top of my thoughts more often : running .
Why do I enjoy running ?
I do not have a quick answer , but I can offer some ideas .
First , running is cheap .
If you want to do this sport , you can simply take a pair of sneakers and any light sportswear , and start to run anywhere .
There is no need for expensive technical clothes , or special fields , just you and a safe place with enough space .
Nonetheless , if you really want to get into this sport as a pro , you can invest a lot in clothing and gadgets .
Second , running is simple .
You do not need to get any special training when you start to run , you have known how to do it since you were a child .
That said , running is probably the easiest sport to practise .
Nevertheless , once you start to go running , and want to really get into it , and improve , I do recommend you to take care of your health and to find professional assistance .
Injuries may happen as a result of doing it often if you do not know the way you run , or you do not take the necessary time to get the resistance that your body needs , for example .
Famous people , such as politicians and film stars , deserve to have a private life without journalists following them all the time .
The relationship between famous people and journalists is an attractive focus in our society .
In my opinion , it has two sides .
On the one hand , without their career , they would be as normal as we are .
Famous people need love , family , entertainment and support .
Sometimes , they are happy ; sometimes , they are sad .
As we all know , technology is making life better .
Meeting our needs that in the past were n't met .
Society is growing and as it grows it gets more used to technology being everywhere .
Public transport is used every day by millions of people .
The majority of users are young or elderly , since they are n't old enough or they are too old to drive .
Driving is the reason why adults do n't tend to use as much public transport .
They just prefer to travel long or short distances in individual vehicles , known as cars .
This is because technology has given us this opportunity , and as time goes by , more and better modifications are made to cars .
These tend to attract our attention and waste our money in a way that can be avoided , in this case by using public transport .
This is happening now , and we are not even fully developed in technology .
Imagine the future . Will public transport still be used ?
Will it change our society ?
Will it be good , or not ?
That is something we have to work on .
By helping our society grow , but not too much .
Just what we need .
Enough to live .
The purpose of this report is to assess the best and the worst aspects of Active Leisure Club .
Active Leisure Club 's gym is a modern building .
The clients benefit from professional coaches , who train them in order to perform the exercises correctly .
There are appliances such as treadmills , bikes , weightlifting and many others .
However , there are no showers , and this really is a negative aspect .
You should build one to improve the popularity of your leisure club .
Those people who use the spa can benefit from treatments of the highest quality .
However , these services are very expensive , and not everybody can afford them .
You could lower the prices a little bit .
That way , everybody could benefit from your spa .
In the club 's sports hall , people can play different sports and have fun with their friends .
However , their children do not have a special place , so it is recommended you arrange a safe place for them to play .
I hope that my report helped you and Active Leisure Club will improve its facilities .
Nowadays everyone has read a book .
There are plenty of choices ; novel , historical , drama or comedy .
Also , there are different formats to read . I mean , you can read a book or an ebook .
Vanity fair is a good example of a book full of surprises .
You are reading and thinking about what will happen .
But something happens unexpectedly and the new chapter is completely different to what you had imagined .
Those things make me say that it is a good book .
The action involves you and you ca n't stop reading .
The writer manages to get all your attention .
That is a wonderful capacity of some good writers .
This book has a very fluent plot , which makes Vanity fair one of the best novels .
In my opinion , a good book has to have surprise , has to have a good plot , a good variety of characters and , as I said , has to involve you .
When you read a book you ca n't stop reading it .
The last CD I bought was Britney Jean by Britney Spears .
On this CD , the singer expresses all her feelings and tells us about her experiences during recent years .
Firstly , you can find songs about her children , lack of affection , broken heart and some commercial songs which have interesting lyrics .
People might think that if you buy this type of music , you will waste your money and it is just commercial music .
However , from my point of view , it 's not true .
When I listened to this CD for the first time , I could sense how the singer breaks out in these songs and how many aspects of her life taught her to grow up a little bit more each day .
So , I would recommend this CD to other people because I think that they could get to know the signer deeply through the songs which are on this amazing CD .
Time passed and John had an unimaginable inspiration for his experiment .
He had to apply all his knowledge to make something concrete , with potential .
One night , he went to a party with his colleagues .
He thought it would be good to be distracted for a while .
It was already night when he was at Luck 's house ( Luck was an old friend ) and all of them were talking about life things , but then Luck remembered that John was working on an experiment and he did n't know what it was about , so he asked John in front of everyone :
" So , John ! How is it going ?
I heard that you were working on an experiment ! "
" Actually , I am still working on it !
I worked on it very hard even though it was very complex , and my goal was that it could get accepted by the inspector , and when I showed it to him he told me that it was good but I had to fix some details !
" , he said .
" Oh ! Really ! I am glad that you 're doing well ! " , Luck said .
When Peter heard that , he was interested in knowing about John 's experiment .
He had the feeling that the experiment could be something vital to human life .
Peter 's career was similar to John 's .
He asked him if he could work with him and said that he knew something that could help his device to succeed .
John accepted his help and told him to come to his laboratory .
As time passed , Peter and John gradually became closer to each other .
After four months of hard work , they took the experiment with all the information for inspection .
The inspector finally accepted their work and told them that now they had to be patient because they were going to reproduce many of them .
They were very happy .
They decided to design a vertical field to expand the laboratory .
John drew a sketch to see how it was going to look .
Everything was going very well ; nonetheless , Peter 's intentions changed and became riddle .
There was a lack of ambition in him .
My name is Daniel and my favourite sport is Padel .
Padel is a sports activity you can enjoy with three other friends .
It is similar to tennis but the court is smaller than a tennis court .
Furthermore , the court has walls and the ball can bounce off them .
Padel is my favourite sport because it is so easy to play for everyone and it is fun when you play with people who have the same level as you .
The most important thing that you have to think when you start to play this sport is that it is a game and you should improve your level fast because it is an easy sport .
I started when I was 18 years old and I played 2 days per week .
Now , I play padel four days per week .
I am addicted to padel !
Dear Sir ,
This letter is in regard to the summer camp job advertised in the newspaper .
I would like to work as a volunteer in the upcoming summer camp in Arizona which you are organizing from 20th March to 30th March .
I am a 32-year - old Computer Science graduate currently working as a software consultant .
I am an active person and exercise daily to keep myself fit and positive all through my day .
I also play cricket and badminton during the weekends .
I teach English in the suburb colony to primary children as part of my company 's ' Giving Back to Society ' program .
I am taking a vacation during the second half of March and I see it as a perfect time to join the summer camp , as the dates coincide .
So I would like to take this opportunity to work as a volunteer .
I also enjoy cooking and will be a great help in the kitchen .
With my experience as a teaching assistant , I can easily handle young kids and keep them busy learning . I follow a lot of sports channels on TV during my free time and that helps me with setting up the rules for the sports activities and ensuring they are organized well .
It gives me great pleasure to help kids with their activities and teach them through play .
It makes me feel content that I am contributing to society by participating in the tasks that shape their future .
Having an energetic and cheerful attitude , I would like you to consider me as the best fit for the camp volunteer and accept my application .
Looking forward to being a part of the team .
Faithfully ,
Sri Kapadia Chowdhury .
In my opinion , public transport has been improved over the last years , because cities have been putting a lot of investment into it .
In big cities , such as New York , the main public transport is the underground , which is usually fast and not too expensive .
There are other types of public transport such as buses , trains , or even planes for long trips .
I do not agree with the idea that there is no future for public transport , because it is a perfect means of transport for commuters and , nowadays , a lot of people are conscious of global warming and the environment , and refuse to use the car every day .
In addition , the price of fuel has increased over the last years .
In summary , I think public transport is a good way to get around and the number of users is increasing every day .
Clare ,
Thank you for writing . I was worried about you .
Firstly , it is such good news to know that you are getting used to your new life .
What have you been doing since you moved from here ?
Secondly , I am so happy that you are pleased with your new home . And what is it like ?
Does it look like your old house or it is bigger than that ?
In your letter you wrote that you are missing some people and things . What and who do you miss ?
I can imagine how difficult it can be , but calm down , you will find different things to do and make friends soon .
I really want to visit you .
If I am not travelling with my parents , I will come to your city .
I will look forward to hearing from you ,
Claudia
PUBLIC TRANSPORT .
Nowadays , travelling on public transport is an experience who none has failed .
However , there is now a discussion about what people prefer , public transport or their own vehicle .
There are a lot of benefits to public transport . First , you do n't have to drive yourself , you can listen to music , read a book or whatever you want without having to pay attention to the traffic . It is true , too , that travelling on this mode of transport helps the government because you have to pay for it , and the majority of modes of transport are cheap enough for everyone .
However , so many people love having their own vehicle , a car , a bike , a motto , because this give you other kind of freedom , you chose the way , you chose the time , you chose the way in you drive it , the positive thing about this kind of vehicle is that you do n't have to take a bus , for example , crowded with people , you can go alone in your car , or with whoever you want , but the important thing is that you choose .
In conclusion , we can say that every kind of transport has its own pros and cons , but in my opinion , the difference between both of these is that in the second you choose your own way .
Extremadura is a small place where you can not find many transport types .
First of all , most of the people in Extremadura use a car for going to work , to university or school .
The car is a quick , cheap and easy mode of transport since you can use it when you want and you can park it where you want .
When you use a car , you do not have to think about timetables and you do n't have to pay for expensive tickets for travelling .
However , I think that this mode of transport has some disadvantages . For instance , if there are a lot of cars in a small city , pollution will increase and the environment will be damaged .
Also , if a city is small , people should walk to different places since everything is near to their houses .
Related to the use of the car , I would like to say that Extremadura 's roads need a big repair programme because , for example , the road between Cáceres and Badajoz is very damaged and it is difficult to drive on it .
In Extremadura , the second most used mode of transport is the bus .
On the one hand , there are buses that connect the various neighbourhoods of the cities with the centre of them .
On the other hand , there are buses for travelling long distances .
I think that the urban buses have improved in Cáceres .
Last year , the mayor changed the old buses for new buses without increasing the prices .
Now , it is safer to travel than in previous years .
Also , the seats of this transport are cleaner and the bus driver says the name of each stop .
At the bus stops , there are devices that advise people of the minutes that they have to wait until the arrival of the bus .
Finally , in Extremadura , the least used mode of transport is the train .
The tickets are very expensive and the trains are very old .
Hello , dear guests ! We are glad to see you in our city . I want to tell you about interesting places in my city .
We are in Moscow . It is a very big city , so there are many interesting places where I usually do some activities .
That 's why I decided to tell you about an interesting place in our city .
I think Gorky Park is a good place where we can spend our time .
In the summer , it is a place where you can play volleyball in the special court with sand , play ping - pong , or if you are tired , you can sit in a special hammock .
Many people come to the park for a picnic .
And in the evening , you can go to the open - air cinema .
In the winter , Gorky Park is very beautiful and there is an ice skating park .
Everybody goes to it because it is the best ice skating park in Europe .
There are dancing squares and many romantic alleys . Also , there are toboggan runs .
Guys should not go snowboarding .
I think it is a good place for other activities .
I like this park , so to my mind , it is the best park in Moscow . You should go to Gorky Park .
Hi Alison !
Nice to hear from you .
I 'll try to describe for you an ordinary daily menu in my country .
Breakfast should be a shot of energy in my opinion .
Most people eat scrambled eggs and drink a cup of tea .
But I prefer a strong coffee instead of tea .
It 's a good way to wake up !
Dinner includes two courses .
First is a soup , the most popular is chicken soup .
The main course is very heavy - lots of potatoes with meat .
I would prefer to eat lighter dishes , like vegetables with rice .
Supper always comprises sandwiches .
As usual , I 'm on a diet , so I prefer only yoghurt .
Being fit is nice ! :)
I hope this will help you .
Kisses ,
Monika
I 'd like to introduce myself : I 'm Italian with an obsession for the English language
I ca n't stop studying the English language . I 'm a sort of ' English addict ' , but I wish I were an English native speaker , I do n't know why .
I studied English at school .
, later I took my degree in Modern Foreign Languages and Literatures , starting my to and from England to improve my skills .
While studying at University , my idea was to move to the UK to work there , but I got married so I could n't realize my dream !
I found myself teaching English in my country , far from the language competence I longed for .
I will never stop visiting the UK and trying to improve my speaking and writing skills . Thanks , too , to your help .
4 . Do you learn more at school or on placement ?
Nearly every institution will apply a placement in their education program , to get the skills and experience of their pupils to a higher level .
But , is it really that necessary ?
Where do you actually learn more , at school or on placement ?
First of all , before discussing this question , it is important to compare the answers with people who are on the same course and at the same school .
Because there can be a lot of differences in the characteristics of those two subjects .
After that , having said that , I can clearly write down my opinion on this question .
I think that at my school the balance of this civil education is n't right and fair at all .
Because the numbers of theory lessons about our discipline are by far many hours less than I expected to get .
This makes it nearly a complete self - study course , which should n't be that way at this level of schooling .
So because of this , the placement is always a step ahead to choose at this question because they will teach you more directly .
In addition , on placement , the things you learn are always focused on that particular job and company .
So the details and information they teach you will be more useful in your future career than the random information about the subjects at school .
So this makes it already two against zero for the placement .
And finally , the third and last reason why I think you learn more on placement than at school .
When you go to school you have to follow lessons which are , of course , useful for your knowledge , but , the way of following these lessons is not a natural work pattern .
In a natural work pattern , you have to do , like school , your tasks , but the communication is also an important part of it .
This important way of communicating is lacking at school , because it 's a nearly a one - directional way of communication from the teachers .
You have to take a test and they will give you a rating for it .
While on placement , they work more in an evaluating way to improve skills .
So , with the these three arguments all going in the same direction to explain my opinion on this question , I think it does n't have to be explained any further now .
In recent years , people 's attitude has been changing .
The idea has declined that working and living need to be fairly close to each other .
Managing long distances seems to be normal nowadays .
Moreover , people enjoy being free and , therefore , they are willing to travel long distances .
However , public transport has been criticised more and more in recent years because of its inconvenience .
Some people go even so far and to assume that public transport will not have a future at all .
A lot of public services have been cut in order to save money .
Therefore , buses do not run as frequently or regularly as they used to .
Especially in the countryside , public transport is no alternative to cars , due to the lack of frequency .
Consequently , people prefer taking the car .
Firstly , because they gain independence by doing that .
Secondly , they can visit each place without any problems .
For instance , there is no need to change buses .
It is also more convenient to go to work by car as you can leave when it suits you and not because the last bus is leaving .
In addition , the car is also more convenient in terms of timing .
After having had a long day at work , people long to get home as quickly as possible .
Furthermore , ticket prices have been increased rapidly in recent years .
Travelling by train as a family or group is often far more expensive than taking the car .
Nevertheless , public transport still provides several advantages in comparison to taking the car .
For example , there is no parking space required .
Sitting on the bus can also be quite relaxing , especially considering the heavy traffic during rush hours .
Finally , it still provides a useful way of travelling for all who do n't have a driving licence .
In the end , the public transport service needs to change to attract more people and to have a brighter future .
However , it will remain in the future , as many people still use it or even depend on it .
The purpose of this report is to inform you about how the city of Granada takes care of the environment .
Rubbish and pollution
Granada can be considered a clean city in regard to rubbish treatment .
There are a lot of recycling points for plastic , paper , used oil , glass and batteries .
And there is a big university community involved in recycling .
As for pollution , in spite of having a decent public transport system , Granada is one of the worst cities in Spain .
Clean Infrastructures
As has been said , Granada has a decent public transport system and now it is being improved by adding a metropolitan train .
However , Granada can not be considered as cycle - friendly . There are fewer cycling lanes than in other cities of a similar size .
In addition , the old town is not as involved as it should be in clean behaviour , it being the university that make the biggest effort .
Summing Up
I consider that Granada scores 6.5 out of 10 for taking care of the environment .
There are good points but a lot of work must be done to achieve the eco - friendly title .
The most interesting place in my town is obviously the Big Castle .
It was built in 1754 and renovated in 2007 and nowadays you can see the new face of this amazing place .
When you get to the highest tower , you will see the most breathtaking view .
It is a place where you can always find lots of tourists and foreigners .
When the weather is good enough , close to the castle take place many kinds of parties and entertainments .
For example , folk dances or archery .
Unfortunately , tickets are expensive but they are worth buying . I also strongly recommend you to see all the places around the Big Castle such as the Town Museum or Folk village .
And what 's more , castle is situated in the centre of the town with an easy walking distance to shops and park .
I can assure you you will never get bored with this place and all things things connected with the Big Castle will make it memorable for you .
Hope you will enjoy your stay .
Hello Maria ,
I 'm thinking about our last trip .
It was amazing !
I 'd like to spend my summer holidays with you .
When are you available ?
We could visit different countries , for example , France , Holland and Belgium because they 're near .
Last week , I went to Barcelona with my sister , Caroline . She had to take an exam .
It was a fantastic weekend because we visited some places : Sagrada Familia , Guell Park ... and we walked along the promenade .
It 's a beautiful city and I 'd like to go with you .
Tomorrow , I 'm going to visit my grandparents in Galicia .
It 's a long trip but it does n't matter because I 've good friends there and I want to spend some time with my grandparents , David and Gema .
I 'll get you a surprise !
I look forward to your answer , I want to have a great holiday this year !
Regards ,
Carlos
Nowadays , almost every person in the world watches movies sometimes or all the time .
It can be done by going to a cinema or watching movies at home .
I like both ways .
Regarding my preferences , I would like to admit that the silent genre has conquered me .
Of course , the unprepared viewer ca n't understand the inner beauty of this genre and will choose something mediocre .
However , simplicity in some cases can be very good and smart .
When I want to watch something easy , comedy or horror comes to my mind .
I do n't enjoy melodramas or love stories much , but they should be paid attention to .
In my opinion , very few people use movies for broadening the mind .
They are simply relaxing by such a way .
That day was a terrible day for Michael . He woke up and felt totally exhausted after an overwhelming birthday party .
He did not even remember what had happened and a serious headache made him not want to get out of bed .
His mom was disappointed about that , too .
She did not even want to talk to him after that situation happened .
Anyway , he is her son , and she had no choice but to take care of him in spite of the situation .
She talked to him : " How are you today ? " .
He did not answer at all , besides , he hit the chair near her , and unfortunately , that chair hit her in a serious way .
She could not even yell a word , just looked at him disappointedly .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
My favourite website is Drive2.ru .
It 's a kind of social network , but it differs a bit from ordinary networks .
The aim of the site is to get together people interested in cars .
On this network you create a profile of your car , write a list of improvements you have made to it , upload photos and movies about your car and , of course , you meet a lot of people with the same interests .
Drive2 users often have a lot of technical questions about their cars .
So they often need the help of professionals .
I think that it is necessary to involve some professional mechanics to give advice to users .
The other website I often use is Google.com , because it is the greatest search engine ever created by human beings .
I think it is better than other search engines because it is very fast and you get only the information you asked for and nothing extra .
I think that many google users will be happy if the developers bring more useful information to the main page , for example , weather information , currency rates or hot news .
Moreover , google map service needs some improvements , such as street names , map accuracy and more city panoramas .
Hello dear visitors of Moscow !
Welcome to Moscow !
I hope your arrival was successful and you have been enjoying our town .
If you want to spend your time visiting a famous and very beautiful place and seeing for yourself the main sights in Moscow , I recommend you to visit Red Square .
The world famous Red Square is located in the centre of Moscow .
Your group will see many well - known monuments of architecture , which you will admire .
There , you will be able to find out a lot of information about the history of Moscow and Russian rulers .
You will be very excited seeing St. Basil 's Cathedral , the monument of Minin and Pozharsky , and the Kremlin .
I recommend you to visit the Kremlin .
It 's necessary for you if you want to see the most famous place in Moscow .
I think you should buy tickets and book the excursion in advance , because you can spend a lot of time searching for it .
I hope you will enjoy seeing this place and become really excited by this excursion , seeing the great architectural monuments
Dear Mrs Ashby ,
I am writing to apply for the vacancy in your cafe .
I enclose my CV for your information .
I have had extensive experience working face - to - face with customers .
I have worked two years for a well - known coffee franchise and previously for three years in a famous patisserie as an assistant chef , which has given me varied skills , like the ability to work with many different types of people and an extensive knowledge of cooking .
I am a conscientious person who works hard and pays attention to detail . I am flexible , quick to pick up new skills , and eager to learn from others .
I have lots of ideas and enthusiasm and I am available to work long hours .
I am keen to work for a company with a great reputation , like Green Pepper Cafe .
Thank you for taking the time to consider this application and I look forward to hearing from you in the future .
Yours sincerely ,
Cristina Vargas
This topic leads me to think of my brother 's child .
This results in different views of whether people accept that it is easier to raise children nowadays .
I hold the belief that children are much easier to raise than before .
First , parents want fewer children , so children 's resources are more plentiful than 50 years ago .
I have an example .
My brother only has one child , but my grandfather has four children .
My brother 's child can very easily get the toy which he wants directly .
However , my father never got toys when he was a child , because too many children needed to be fed .
My grandfather had to work hard to support his children through additional jobs .
They had no money they could spend on entertainment .
That is why I mention that my father never got toys when he was a child .
Nowadays , every child can get more and more resources from their parents because of less competition with other children .
That is why I say that fewer children can get more resources and are easier to raise .
Second , more and more public services appear in our cities .
Of course , that must include the health care system .
For instance , in a big city , we can very easily find a specific place to serve our children , such as special toilets and a Breast - Feeding Room in every subway .
These kinds of places can make parents comfortable and able to concentrate on their children 's care .
My brother told me when his baby needs to be fed when they are walking in the street .
They can quickly feed his baby .
That is helpful for children and parents .
On the other hand , the software infrastructures are important as well as hardware system .
The health care system also helps parents to care for their children , because people can spend less money to cover against disease through insurance .
This is a good example to show that the infrastructure can help parents to care for their children .
Of course , some people may be moved to disagree with my position on this issue .
That being said , I still feel that the reasons I have presented are strong ones , such as more resources and infrastructure .
Having a healthy lifestyle is one of the most important things for our health , because it reduces the chances of getting sick and it gives you the energy and concentration you need .
But what should you do in order to live a healthy life ?
Eating according to a schedule is a very important tip you should take into consideration , and also , trying to avoid fried meals or fast food .
Unhealthy food and neglecting physical exercise increase the chances of getting fat and having problems with your heart , liver and other organs .
Fruits , vegetables and water
Your body requires many types of vitamins in order to function properly . These are found in fresh or boiled vegetables and fruits .
They help your immune system , and your skin and will also give you the amount of energy you need throughout the whole day .
However , drinking 2 litres of water every day is essential for your health and has a lot of benefits , such as helping energise your muscles or keeping your skin looking good .
Sports and sleep
Another thing you should take into consideration if you want to live a long happy life is doing physical exercise , such as walking in the park , going to the gym or playing team sports .
It will give you a lot of energy to study and do the things you love while feeling healthy and living healthily .
Besides that , you should also sleep between 8 - 10 hours per night , so that your body can function effectively .
Do 's
-eat fruits and vegetables
-drink water
-sleep 8 - 10 hours / night
-do sports
Do n't 's
-eat a lot of Fast Food
-drink alcohol excessively
-be lazy
In conclusion , you do n't have to make a lot of effort to have a healthy lifestyle and there are plenty of benefits from it .
You will feel great , concentrate better , have more energy and have fewer health problems .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
I am writing in connection with the advertisement for a job in the USA SUMMER CAMPS .
I would like to apply for the position you offered .
I am a really cheerful person , I like taking walks to the countryside and taking photos there in my free time and , in my opinion , I am a very energetic youngster .
Besides , I have plenty of availability and I am responsible , patient and sociable , and I have good communication skills .
My qualifications include broad experience as a childminder and of organising sports activities .
Furthermore , I have worked as a catering assistant for a year .
I would be very happy to attend an interview if you would like me to introduce myself .
Also , I would be grateful for information about the tasks I would be called on to do if I got the job .
I look forward to receiving a reply .
Yours faithfully ,
Lucía Orellana
No future for public transport is one of the worst things in our life .
Thus , the state makes no effort to fight it . Transportation now is very overcrowded and difficult , especially in the rush hour when people leave their jobs and go to their houses at 2 o'clock . The main reason for that is the increasing number of people in our country ( housing problems ) and the result of that is a lot of accidents have happened and a lot of people have died .
A recent U.S. study revealed that using buses and trains regularly maintains the agility of the body and helps in reducing weight .
According to a study published by the journal " American Journal of Medicine Brevintev " in August / August next that there is more public transport in cities where the population has become leaner and healthier .
The U.S. researchers from two universities in the state of Pennsylvania and the Foundation " Rand " American research and development staff to monitor regularly use public transportation or go to work by car in a year .
The study results showed that people who use transportation .
The public decreased their weight by three kilograms on average , compared to people who use a car to travel and the study attributed this result to walking to the bus stop and running to catch the bus in the expected position requires goer public transport more traffic , while this does not happen with motorists .
The study pointed out that the public transport network in the United States has not been expanded for a long time compared to the situation in Germany , for example .
It appealed to experts in political circles in the United States to invest more money in public transportation and improve security in the ways of the infantry in cities and make them more attractive to encourage people to use public transport .
The supervisor of the study , John M .
MacDonald of the University of Pennsylvania , " investment in public transport will allow the possibility of reducing obesity " .
The transport sector in Arab countries suffers from many shortcomings and poor performance and is a cause of environmental pollution and this is due primarily to a lack of the capacity of public institutions to develop strategies necessary to intervene appropriately and allocate investments effectively and improve the organizational capacity and result .
So it did not materialize for the transport sector often necessary capacity to provide reliable and safe transportation and moderate costs and , in spite of the high demand for transportation services in the Arab countries , public transport systems are still undeveloped and compel people to rely on private cars .
It has been observed , for example , that the increase in the number of cars varied between 7 and 10 percent per year in Jordan and this situation is similar to what happens in other Arab countries , and despite the investments in roads and infrastructure in the last few decades , the performance of this sector remains weak as a result of severe congestion in urban centers and poor air quality in many cities , land degradation and high rates of emissions of greenhouse gases blamed for global warming .
The optimistic opinion , some people say that " there is no future for public transport " , saying that the future of public transport is clear and the proof of that is that in ancient , times there was n't any transport and by the time people started to invent new means of transportation ranging from cattle , cart , carriage , boat , ship , lorry , private cars to the plane , so they hope that the transportation be best by creative people .
On the other hand , the pessimistic view , in developed countries like Japan and Kuwait we do n't find problems like these because they have good planning , they make routes underground and overground , then they have routes only for people and routes only for cars . Finally , we should have a good plan and the government should care about that and plan for traffic regulation to solve this problem .
Hi Max ,
How are you ? I 'm fine .
These days we have fantastic sunny days and I will start school in a week .
I recommend you to visit the beach because it is fantastic on hot days .
And there are a lot of beach bars for snacks between meals .
I recommend you , too , to visit the castle because it is very interesting .
I recommend you to go for a walk to Anec Blau because there is a cinema with some new funny movies and there are a lot of clothes shops too .
I 'm not sure which is the most expensive restaurant in my town , maybe there are some near the beach because the tourists normally go there .
My typical evening out is going to Anec Blau and , after that , I go to the cinema to watch a comedy film or go for a walk with friends .
Silvana .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
I am very glad of the fact that you visited our country and the area of Silesia .
According that , I recommend you to visit Tyskie Brewery in Tychy .
It is worth seeing because it is the most famous brand which brews one of the most popular beers in Poland .
In my opinion , a trip will be fascinating because of the fact that the building of the Brewery was originally a German - owned brewery which has been brewing beer for almost 400 years .
It contains a little museum which is open for tours .
I strongly advise you to see that , and there is an English - speaking guide who will show you the brewing process .
Tickets must be booked in advance and there is a tasting session at the end .
There you could buy some souvenirs - glasses , bottles , T- shirts , cups and , of course , beer !
It is a good purpose , to see and get to know the place where in Poland is produced a traditional and well - known beer .
I hope you will take it into consideration and go to see our local and famous brewery .
Yours faithfully ,
Anna
The Asian restaurant Tian review
For our dinner at the end of the course , I 'd recommend the Asian restaurant Tian .
Firstly , it 's a really exquisite place , and it is decorated with objects from South Asia .
The atmosphere seems exotic and calming .
The place is small , but it 's very cozy .
They serve all meals in small portions , and they suggest that the servings can be shared , so everybody can try more items from the menu .
The food is really tasty , each bite is an invitation to travel through the senses to far away places in Asia .
Finally , to add one more touch to the experience , you can take a ride in their tuk - tuk .
Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately .
He got that mysterious look in his eyes .
He just realized how to solve one of the biggest physical challenges mankind has been interested in for ages .
Time travel !
We had been looking at this problem from the wrong angle all the time .
The periodic movement of the minute hand compared to the smooth path of the second hand .
We were trying to reverse the flow of time , but that is not possible at all .
We have to focus on the breaks .
Time is running , seemingly continuously , the same as the second hand on his clock .
But we got this perception just because our eyes can see only a limited number of images in a time period .
If a time period is long enough , like a minute , we can see a strict distinction between one and two .
That is the key !
We need to slow down time !
In other words , we have to be fast enough to see those breaks in time .
Then we can just jump inside them and move in either direction , as we wish .
Peter grabbed his notebook and immediately wrote all this down .
He must n't forget a word of it !
Nowadays , we live in a society that is totally dependent on transport .
This happens because , not only do we live in big cities , but we also have no time to waste .
Because of this , we have witnessed an increase in traffic .
Public transport is a good solution for some people for many reasons , such as , they can save money and travel quickly .
However , some people say that public transport has no future . They might be right . ple do n't like it . They prefer travelling by car .
Some people say that public transport has no future . They might be right .
Considering that companies are now moving to the outskirts of cities and there is a lack of more flexible timetables , some people discount the public transport option .
As a result of this , many people are trying new options , like car sharing .
It is believed that travelling by car is more comfortable and convenient for everyone . Consequently , car manufacturers look on it as a new opportunity to create new hybrid cars in order not to damage the environment .
I personally believe that , because of all this , the public transport will have no future in our society .
Anna knew that it was going to be a very special day for her .
It was her birthday .
She woke up in the morning full of enthusiasm and zest for life .
She was sure that everyone would remember about the celebration and have a gift for her .
But it turned out that everyone had left the house for work and no one was waiting for her with birthday wishes .
She went to school very disappointed .
The school day was very long because Anna was always thinking about the sad morning .
However , the surprise was still to come .
Anna did n't expect that after returning from school she would find her family and friends .
All of them were waiting for her with lots of gifts in a beautifully decorated room .
Anne was very surprised and happy .
I 'm a teenager and nowadays I recognize there are a lot of ways to get to know something .
In the past , technology was poor and only a few people had a smartphone or a computer .
In contrast , today , everyone has the latest model of telephone or computer or whatever .
In the last ten years , technology has made a big jump and , thanks to the Internet , we can search for everything whenever we want .
In the past , it was better than now because grandparents or older people could tell you how to do something for the first time . They could give you some useful advice and you could establish a relationship with them .
Today , everyone knows how everything is easier with technological devices , but it 's sadder because you ca n't share your thoughts with anybody .
For that reason , I think that for me , young people in the past learned a lot from their grandparents and it should be the same today too .
I 'm going to talk about the famine and drought in Africa .
There is a large number of African children who suffer because of the lack of food and clean water .
Children are supposed to be the future of their countries , but in Africa , especially in the countries in sub - Saharan Africa , there are many cases of famine - extreme cases , so children have many difficulties .
Their education is affected , for example .
They have to walk long distances to have clean water and to work , too , to survive .
Children who have to work and can not go to school wo n't get a better life and their dreams will never come true .
Unfortunately , this is the sad reality .
Besides that , the lack of food and clean water are responsible for many diseases , which are responsible for a large number of deaths , because there are n't enough resources to treat the populations .
Here we have some of them : anemia/ anemia ; rickets and malnutrition …
The principal cause of famine in Africa is the ethnic conflicts , which cause wars , the decrease of fertile land and the use of ground only to produce monoculture to export .
Every day , Tom walks along the river to see the landscape and to feed lots of squirrels which live in the trees .
On Sunday morning , Tom was walking as usual when he saw a big poster with a picture of a big motorway .
At that moment , he understood that the mayor was going to build a big motorway there , next to the river .
Suddenly , he thought that the workers would cut down all the trees , and the squirrels would lose their refuges , so he thought that he had to do something immediately .
He wrote a letter to the town hall explaining the situation and asking them to stop the construction .
He suggested building the motorway in another place to save the squirrels and to protect that beautiful landscape .
The mayor accepted Tom 's proposal , and he ordered to build the motorway in another place .
Tom arrived home very late .
It had been a very long and tiring day , but Tom felt he had achieved something really good .
Firstly , the primary cause of bushfire is human activities .
The lack of a sense of civic responsibility leads easily to bushfire .
For instance , some people discard cigarettes or matches which are unattended , like barbeques or campfires .
In addition , in many developing countries , unemployment they also migrate to forest and set fire to enhance cultivated surface .
Moreover , a small piece of broken bottle or glass can also lead to a bushfire .
it will attract the sun 's rays and catch fire .
Bushfire is caused by numerous human activities but also started by the carelessness of people ( Roland as cited in Schauble , 2009 )
My subject will be my autumn holidays .
I went for a week to Center Parcs in France with my family , my godfather , and my best friend .
The Center Parc is in the region of Lorraine .
We left on Monday morning at ten o'clock , we should have taken 3 hours but we took double because of the plugs .
Once arrived , we unloaded the car and we went to the store .
On Tuesday we went to visit the Sainte - Croix Animal Park .
There are more than 1,500 animals from 100 different species .
I saw deer , bears , lynx , bison , wolves , lemurs , vultures , red pandas and other animals .
On Wednesday I went to try horses with my godfather to possibly buy one .
We went to two riding stables but I did not find a horse that I liked .
On Thursday I went with my family to Strasbourg Cathedral .
It 's huge and beautiful . I will show you a picture later .
And in the afternoon we went to the Center Parc , to the pool .
It 's big with many activities .
On Friday morning we did canoeing and paddle boating on the small river that ran along beside the center and in the evening we went to a restaurant .
The next day , me and my best friend went to go bowling and play billiards while my parents took my sisters to ride a pony .
And in the afternoon , the centre organized a lesson for agility dogs .
I did agility with my dog .
She is called Canelle . She 's a Jack Russell Terrier .
She 's very small !
She measures about 30 centimetres .
The lesson did not go very well ; she was interested in other dogs and she was not listening .
At the end , the teacher asked me to do the exercise again .
It was perfect . She jumped sixty centimeters .
And on Sunday morning we returned home because the weather was bad .
The Alhambra : A paradise within your reach .
Are you one of those people who would like to go back to the past ?
The Alhambra gives you this opportunity !
In wonderful Granada , which is located in the south of Spain with great weather , you can visit the palace city .
The Alhambra is a group of palaces , gardens and fortresses built by Muslims and occupied by them for over four centuries .
It was a citadel inside of Granada where the monarch of the Emirate of Granada and his court lived .
Its true attractiveness , in addition to the decoration which is at the pinnacle of Andalusian art , is also its location , which is unique .
You will be impressed by the stunning views which are considered by some people to be the best in the world .
If you are lucky enough to visit this wonderful place in summer , I recommend you attend the Granada International festival of Music and Dance , which is celebrated in Genelalife 's gardens , where you can enjoy amazing artists and orchestras in an unrivalled setting .
You must n't miss it !
The graphic information presented in the flow chart illustrates the procedure regarding the making of bank notes , which can be sorted into 6 main phases .
At the beginning , the format of the notes should first be designed considering the background color and security issues .
At the same time , skilled machinists prepare the metal plates in order to set up a fixed mould .
After that , the printing process comes into play .
50 notes per sheet are set with special ink , producing images with colors on both sides at a slow speed .
The most significant procedure is called inspection , which means manual checking by special machines and staff , and then they are classified into 3 different categories , including good quality sheets , partially damaged sheets , and bad sheets .
In the final stage , the well - produced sheets are packed and distributed to each branch , while the damaged ones are safely disposed of .
This is the whole process of how a bank note is made .
The flow chart shows six main steps in the process of making bank notes .
Namely , Design , Preparation of metal plates , Printing , Inspection , Packaging and Distribution and Disposal .
When you need bank notes , the first thing you should do is to design what aspects of information you want .
Next , make sure the metal plates work well .
Afterwards , you are able to print the sheets of bank notes ( 50 bank notes per sheet ) .
The most significant part of the
process is inspection , where the printed sheets are
manually inspected by officers .
It depends on whether the sheets are good or bad quality .
If they are not very good , we can destroy them securely . However , a few sheets may be partially damaged . That does n't matter due to the fact that further separation will assist you with getting rid of the wrong sheets .
Finally , all of
the sheets have been dealt with correctly .
Overview . It is clear that the process of making bank notes begins with Design and ends with Disposal or Distribution .
Travelling by public transport is expensive and uncomfortable .
The trains and buses are not big enough .
There is not enough space for your legs and you often do not get a seat .
This will not be a problem if you travel only short distances , but on long journeys , that will be very uncomfortable .
Travelling in your own car is much more comfortable .
There is the possibility to set up your seat .
It is your own decision when you get up , because there are no time limitations .
There are no times when you have to be at the bus stop .
If you use public transport for long distances in a city , you will often change buses .
There is the risk that you will not get the connecting bus and , so , you are stressed .
In conclusion , travelling by car is the easiest and best way . I think that it is not possible to use public transport , because there are no buses or trains .
Maybe car sharing is an innovative alternative to public transport .
Many people use their car alone .
Most of the time they have free seats in their cars .
So they could share their cars with other people .
There are many fields of study that have not been discovered or researched by humans .
There are many reasons why research is hardly conducted .
As a result , there is a debate about whether educational institutions have a responsibility to dissuade students from pursuing a field of study in which they are unlikely to succeed .
In my opinion , I agree with the statement , with qualifications , for the following reasons .
Admittedly , some of the research needs investment in many resources that educational institutions can not afford .
Such research will indeed fail .
Educational institutions should dissuade students .
However , if there is not a lack of resources for the field of study , educational institutions should support students in their field of study .
Education 's greatest purpose is to encourage students to try and to learn from failure .
Take Thomas Alva Edison , the inventor of the light bulb , for example .
He tried a lot of different materials to make a filament for the light bulb .
Once , people thought he would not succeed .
Even though the research can not really succeed .
Students can learn some things from the process of the research .
In the course of the research , students will think about how to develop the process of the research and know which segment will cause the problem that makes the research fail .
In addition , students , in the course of research , may create serendipity .
Like Alexander Flrming Alexander , the inventor of antibiotics , discovered Penicillin accidentally from research into the germ .
" You must do the thing you think you can not do " ,
said Eleanor Roosevelt .
The invaluable thing is to turn the impossibility into a possibility .
Therefore , educational institutions should encourage students attempting research which is unlikely to succeed .
Remember when in school you learned the three essential things for living ; reproduction , nutrition and interaction ?
Well , humans have become more and more sedentary with the passage of time and have forgotten about interaction and movement .
Doing sport is not only for getting fitter , it is also something you need to do as a habit .
Nowadays , going to the gym is the new trend , but you should n't only do sport because it 's trendy .
I might not have the typical sportswoman body type , but I really enjoy doing sport and feeling the glory of movement .
My favourite sport is tennis . Although it is not the only one I practise , it is the one I most like to play .
I must admit , I 'll never be the best tennis player you 'll ever meet .
But that 's not my goal in doing a sport .
Apart from obviously having fun and socialising , the way you feel after running and burning feels really good .
Hi Anne ,
Thanks for your e - mail .
It is very exciting to hear you are coming to Latvia .
Personally , I think the best time to come is in the summer .
Because at this time we have a lot of interesting activities like concerts , festivals and so on .
If you want to meet young people , I suggest you stay in a youth hostel .
The first good thing is that they have a low cost and here you can meet students from all around the world .
In spite of the fact that the weather should be warm in summer , you should bring with you not only light clothes , but also a jacket for rainy days .
Thanks also for your invitation to join the group .
I would love to if I am free .
I will be able to show you and your friends the most interesting places in my area .
Let me know when you are coming .
Warm regards
When I was in high school , I loved to go to different kinds of activities .
Quite often , I found it difficult to balance both my studies and my hobbies at the same time .
So , having good time - management has become important in my studies .
I remember that I had a play which was held just a couple of weeks before my final exams .
However , instead of focusing on my studies , I paid more attention to rehearsals .
As a result , I failed one of my subjects because I did not have enough time to catch up on the lessons .
At that moment , I felt regretful and frustrated .
From that experience , I have realized that I need to change my learning strategies for successful studying .
Firstly , knowing what is a priority is essential for achieving success .
Therefore , I avoided social activities during the exam period .
In the same way , Rowh ( 2006 ) points out that it is important to get control of ourselves .
In addition , not only putting things in order , but also well - organized planning are helpful to manage time .
As Academic skill Unit ( 2012 ) states , a daily , weekly and semester planner can be beneficial for organizing our time ( P.22 ) .
In my case , I planned the activities into a proper timetable , because the planners clearly show me an outline of the near future .
Without a doubt , this valuable experience let me know the importance of taking responsibility for my own learning .
More significantly , I understand that time - management and planning are crucial in academic life .
Therefore , in the future , I will keep improving those abilities and become a more organized person .
Football : The most incredible sport in the world
As we know , football or soccer is the king of sports at present .
It 's a great party and we can have real fun watching a football game even if it 's on television .
Do you want to know why it is the most enjoyable sport ?
When we watch a football game , everybody is expecting that at any time someone will score a goal or do some jink that gets us excited and that 's the magic of football .
If you want to start practising this sport , you have to get fit and run a lot because you have got to have a good physical condition to play because it is a very demanding sport .
And I recommend you to start looking for a football club to start playing with other players .
The best thing about football is that you can practise a sport and you can socialise with other people that love that sport as much as you .
SHOPPING GUIDE FOR TOURISTS
The aim of this report is to describe the shopping facilities in my town and make recommendations to try to encourage tourists to visit the shops .
Some of the information was collected from the shops , and from the web .
According to the investigation , the majority of the shops are in two areas ; Firstly the Puerto shopping center , it is located in Puerto Marina , and the the shops on offer are mainly fashion , coffee shops and pubs .
The other big commercial area is in the city center , with a more varied offer : fashion , bars , supermarkets , local food shops , wine shops etc ....
Alternatively , every Friday in the parking lot next to Tivoli World , there is a street market where you can find every kind of product : local products , food , CDs , DVDs , etc ....
Puerto Marina is visited more than the city center , even though in the city center there is more variety than in Puerto Marina .
In light of the results , I feel it would be to our advantage if we did promotions of the city center as a good destination .
I would recommend the tourist office to increase the variety of shops in Puerto Marina .
In conclusion , the tourist office should have more adverts for the city center .
Dream walked towards me and said " Do you know how to satisfy a lady ?
I will teach you how to satisfy a lady tonight " .
I was stunned by her words and became speechless for a moment .
Once again Dream said to get ready . I did n't utter a word , without wasting any movement .
I grabbed her hips and dragged her towards me with force .
She smiled and said " not so soon Dreamer , I will take a bath and freshen up first and then we will start " .
I said that I would accompany her .
She smiled and said , " wait for some time . I will finish my body massage and then you can join " me .
I said that I would help her with applying oil . She said " Do you know how to apply ? " .
Dear James
Let me introduce myself . I am Luis from Spain and I work as a civil engineer in a Spanish infrastructure company called Acciona .
I 'm 35 year old and lately I have been carefully reading all your letters .
I am so impressed with your post so I have just decided to get your latest book ( and all the gifts , of course ... ) .
In fact , I know your book is going to help me to improve in lots of fields .
I completely agree with you , maybe each word you say .
I have a mortgage , a car , a degree , two children , a wife and lately I realized how I struggle to make ends meet .
I usually earn between 50.000 € and 60.000 € each year and it is never enough . I do n't have any financial security .
My company is making redundancies and I am always worried about that .
The point is that I completely focus on my projects , so I spend ten hours every day making a tremendous effort with my budgets , trying to increase profits and I am doing well .
I manage risky projects and , eventually , I get high revenues .
I often think what would happen if I made all these efforts for my own business ?
For this reason , I am reading your book and listening to your podcast .
I will keep reading and listening to you .
Best
Luis
Dear Jo ,
I am happy to know that you are coming to my country this summer to travel and work .
The place you must visit is the islands !
The islands in my country are clean and beautiful .
Most of the islands are suitable for snorkelling , so if you are going to snorkel , you will have the chance to see many different types of marine organisms like corals , fish and shells .
There are also many historical buildings in my country .
You can see how the buildings were built in the olden days there .
You can also go shopping in the modern buildings and look at the beautiful scenery from the tall buildings .
Food ! You must try the different foods in my country as the food is delicious and special .
As you know , my country is made up of different races , so there are many different traditional foods in my country , so you can try different cuisines like banana leaf rice and hainanese chicken rice .
As for work , you can find a job at my cousin 's office because they are hiring people .
So , these are the advice I can give you . Hope that it will help you when you come to my country .
I am looking forward to seeing you in my country .
Yours sincerely ,
Yuki
My favourite film
Films do not occupy a great deal of my spare time .
When I am not doing my homework and am not learning English , I like watching a film .
Sincerely , I find it very difficult to choose the best film .
There are many interesting films with valuable plots and famous actors .
Most of them are extremely interesting and worth seeing .
They deserve to be in the top one hundred .
But , finally , I have decided to vote for one of them .
My favourite actor is Tom Cruise and , consequently , the best film I have ever seen was " Far away , far away " , where he plays the starring role with his ex - wife Nicole Kidman .
I was impressed by the production because of its valuable plot .
The story is about the love between two young people , a poor man and a rich and beautiful lady , who leaves her family .
She wants to try a different way of life like ordinary girls .
They both go through a lot of difficulties and live a poor life .
The aim of the two characters was to win a piece of land in America .
They take part in a competition riding horses .
Only the fastest competitors were given the land .
Of course , our couple win a piece of land .
The historical context is recreated in the film .
I recommend you to watch this film and I think you will not regret it .
Most people in Bali rely too much on their private vehicles , hence they have totally abandoned public transportation .
We can consider it the main cause of traffic jams on the island .
They say , " there is no future for public transport , because travelling by car is so much more convenient " .
And for me , that 's total nonsense .
I believe that we can do it here .
In order to do that , there will need to be a huge transformation .
Aside from a great blue - print of a well - organized transportation system , which covers a good 25 to 50 years ' planning , it also involves local culture .
It is definitely a hard job to do if we want to change people 's culture .
The consciousness that a change is needed to create a better place for people to live in should be raised first .
People should be reminded that 50 to 100 people travelling on a bus will make the traffic so much better compared to having two to four of them trapped in a car . In other words , one mass transportation means against twelve or more cars on the same road .
The next is an understanding of what we can do for the environment by changing our transportation means .
Imagine the energy that we can save and the pollution that we can stop .
We can change . We have to change for a better future .
The world is constantly changing and technology is advancing fast .
This affects people 's lives considerably , so we can say that in 50 years , the lifestyle will be completely different to what we have today .
We can say that 50 years ago we had not thought of having the technology that currently exists , such as the Internet , TV , smartphones , etc .
Also , the lifestyle was completely different ; the industry had not developed technology that now allows you to be more efficient and many people did work that can now be done by a few of them .
So , if technology continues to advance as it has done until now , our lifestyle will change too .
Perhaps in 50 years more , we will live in a world where technology makes our life much easier , but at the same time , we will be depending on it .
Dear Jo ,
I was very surprised to hear that you want to spend your year off from university in my country and I am also extremely flattered .
As you asked for my advice , I would suggest getting a job in the summer because you said you would only want to work for about three months .
I would recommend a job as a waitress because you do n't need much experience , and I know you do n't have any , and if you get a job in the summer as a result , you 'll be at the beach most of the time and you can spend the rest of the year visiting other places .
My favourite places to visit are in the area I live in and I would strongly recommend those due to the fact that we can also meet and I would be delighted to see you again .
The place where I enjoyed myself the most was " the Bran Castle " , also known as Dracula 's castle .
It 's one of the most beautiful castles , in my opinion , and it represents the most important thing this country is known for , and that is Dracula .
He was actually one of the rulers of this country and his real name was Vlad Tepes .
The reason he used to kill people was because they did n't respect the laws .
Another attraction which is a unique one is " the merry cemetery " . It is famous for the colourful paintings on the tombstones describing , in a very original way , the people buried there and their lives .
It once was just a simple cemetery , but now it is an open air museum .
And if you want to have some fun too , there are some festivals that you might enjoy .
They are quite big and a lot of important artists come .
The biggest one in the country is in the city where I live , so you 'll have a place to stay , and for free .
I hope my advice was useful and I look forward to seeing you next year .
Andreea
I have two different reasons to explain why I want to study at BSC in Oxford again .
The first reason is that I have already studied there three years ago and it was a wonderful experience . I met very nice people from all over the world . I improved my English level thanks to very skilled teachers and I really enjoyed my stay in Oxford .
The second is a pragmatic reason . I have a five year degree and I worked for two years in a medical devices company but now I am unemployed .
In Italy , it is quite hard to find a job at the moment and I want to try work experience in the UK , but it is necessary to become more confident with my English and that is what I hope to obtain from the IELTS course .
I already know that it could be tough , especially to be far from my family and my girlfriend , but it is something that I feel could be right for me , and for my career .
The thing that worries me most is getting used to the English weather !
Public transport is a common means of transport used in many countries , usually to transport people en masse from one location to another .
However , as countries develop and the economy grows and life changes , people change and standards of living change too . The factors that lead people to have their own car are dependent on and limited to several factors . There are also factors such as social and financial conditions that tend to influence people to have their own car instead of travelling by public bus / train . We should also consider the conditions of roads , access and traffic , giving people an opportunity to chooses to travel in their own car or on public transport . In some countries , there are separate lanes dedicated to public transport which help and ease the traffic in conditions of heavy traffic . With traffic technology solutions , owning a car is always better .
Another factor we should consider is the public transport stops on the way to destinations , which require planning and catching public transport to avoid late arrival at your destination .
The subject , no future for public transport is ambiguous as the advantages and disadvantages are both consider on .
Welcome tourists ,
This is a guide for you . I hope it will help you a little .
First of all , I want to explain travel links with the town . A lot of people come by train , It is situated at the top of the town and is the best way to travel to yours because it is the quickest , but if you prefer to come by bus , the bus stop is near the train station .
There are many shops around the town . For example , we have one where children can make teddy bears while the parents can see them from the restaurant ; many children said that it was the best place in the world .
For adults , we have a little old museum where you can live one day like sixty years ago . So , if you have never been in one , you should go , because it does not cost very much . Besides , the museum has a kindergarten for the kids .
Apart from that , the town is near the beach , and there we have many restaurants where you can eat while you are watching the waves on the sea .
Our personal recommendation is the " Sir Hotel " . It is a muddy hotel because many years ago it was a castle , and you can sleep in the king 's bed and every night it has theatre , where you can take a part in a play .
Dear Sir / Madam :
I am writing in reply to your advert , which was published in the local Newspaper on 31 May 2008 .
As you can see in the attached CV , I have experience working with children of different ages .
For three years , I babysat my neighbor 's two daughters .
When I started , they were 3 and 6 years old and I loved preparing crafts to do with them and I usually had to give them dinner .
In addition , for the last three years , I have been a volunteer at my tennis club , where I have developed different skills to organize activities , sports games and competitions for children from 6 to 14 years old .
I am an energetic , positive and outgoing person .
I enjoy doing any kind of sport with my friends .
Working with children , I have learned to be more patient and , moreover , I am able to motivate them to give the best of themselves .
Also , I have gained communication skills through speaking with the children and the families .
Regarding working in the kitchen , I am a really good cook and I usually help my parents every weekend .
Finally , although I usually speak Spanish , my second language is English .
Without doubt , I am the person you are looking for and it is a job that I would be very excited to have .
I look forward to hearing from you ,
Yours faithfully
Susana .
Public transport is a useful way to commute from place to place , especially in big cities .
Besides its advantages , which are that it is cheap and fast , there are many disadvantages to taking a bus or train , such as time , quality of service , and overcrowding .
It is said that , instead of taking public transport , commuters will travel by car because of its convenience . In my opinion ,
public transport will hardly be replaced by travelling by car .
First of all , public transport is used by many people who do not have cars , like students and workers . They can afford to buy tickets .
For example , during my student days , I used to take buses to go to school every day and come back home .
Secondly , the infrastructure in the big cities is not sufficient for all the cars .
Traffic jams always happen in the rush hours , when there are so many cars on the road .
Fossil fuel is running out .
That makes petrol 's prices increase every day .
It has been affecting the environment , causing climate change , increasing droughts , and flooding areas thanks to the increasing demand for using petrol for private cars .
In conclusion , public transport will be an excellent transportation method for the increasing demands of commuting .
Introduction
The aim of this report is to examine the available local transport and possible improvement .
Currently , the local modes of transport available are buses and taxis .
Buses in need of repair
The most used public transport is the bus .
The town is covered by more than thirty routes , most of them with a duplicate following the same route in the opposite direction .
However , buses are mostly used by very young people and old people .
Children often use them to go to school and back , and the older population , with increased problems seeing far away , prefer to use the bus to travel around the city .
In my opinion , the biggest problem with buses is that they are becoming very degraded and in desperate need of repair .
Most of them do n't have air conditioning , meaning that in the summer they are tremendously hot , and some have problems with the windows that cause the bus to be extremely cold in winter .
The alternative - Taxis
For the average middle - aged person , the logical option is to use a taxi .
Taxis are available throughout the city , and can be called by a simple phone message .
The bad side with taxis is that they are still very expensive , with all the extra fees and different zones .
Recommendation
There have been rumors of the construction of a Metro in our town .
That would be an excellent alternative to the current means of transportation , since it is fast , is n't affected by traffic , and it is generally cheaper ( since it relies on electricity ) .
Another option would be to create a system to rent bicycles ; this has been done in many cities with great results .
Hi David ,
that 's amazing . I just wanted to write you an sms and at the same time I received an email from you !
It 's great that your college friends want to visit South Bohemia .
I love this place so much !
I 'll recommend them lots of jewels that could be interesting to them for sure .
First of all , if they are staying in České Budějovice , they can spend at least three days there sightseeing .
Anyway , they must visit our main square , which has many historical buildings .
They can climb the " Black Tower " and listen to singing from the town hall .
There is a huge number of shops in the centre , so what about going shopping ? Sightseeing in this town is very convenient for tourists because they can reach everything on foot .
If the weather is nice , they should definitely take a trip to Kleť .
It 's the biggest hill , where you can go up the lookout tower and it 's not far from České Budějovice .
There is an interesting observatory too , and what 's more , the best restaurant I have ever been to .
They must definitely order the best soup in the world .
The best way to get there is by car .
Český Krumlov is worth seeing as well .
There 's a pleasant historical centre and a monumental castle located on the big rock .
They can see 2 brown bears there and lots of souvenir shops too .
You can take a bus there .
I hope your friends will be satisfied with my tips .
If you want to know more about the destination , just write me a message or give me a call .
All the best , Ivana
The statement given in the rubric proposes an issue of the future of public transport in developed countries .
I do n't agree with this viewpoint for several reasons .
First of all , vehicles designed to carry large numbers of people can not be unnecessary in big cities .
Modern megalopolises are suffering because of a surplus of automobiles .
This happens not only because of environmental aspects , but mental aspects as well .
Regular citizens seem to be tired of eternal traffic jams and yards filled with parked cars .
Thus , it is absolutely possible wish of the average person , who spends most of the time downtown , to replace a car with a bus or an underground train .
The main reason is general fatigue from the huge number of vehicles around .
Secondly , taking into account that long - distance trips can not be avoided .
Whatever type of journey you take , you would be more likely to prefer to use a train or plane , because it would be much more convenient and would not demand any physical exertion .
Mental exertion can not be excluded , but that is a different question .
Overall , there are a number of causes for disagreeing with the suggestion that private transport is becoming more and more popular in comparison with public transport .
The only thing that definitely should be changed in the future , is the approach to the usage of cars powered by gasoline .
Near The Roquetas Concert Hall , you will find a Japanese restaurant named " Ichiban " . Opened a few years ago , it 's not well known yet , but this does n't prevent it quickly getting busy at lunch time at the weekends .
Although sometimes it might be rather noisy because of the people gathered there , I find its decor quite attractive and , as usual in this kind of restaurant , relaxing .
The staff is charming , helpful and pleasant as well .
However , it might be that you have to wait a while for your food to be served , but it 's worth it .
You can choose from a variety of dishes on their menu - sushi , maki , etc .
Different kinds of sashimi are offered - mackerel , sea bass , octopus , butter fish .
The sashimi of salmon is my favourite one .
I have to mention the soups , especially the seafood soup .
Delicious !
the great variety of rice and noodles deserves to be mentioned - with chicken , beef , prawns , vegetables .
All dishes are served with careful presentation , are highly creative and very attractive to the eye .
A negative point of the restaurant , in my view , is the lack of a dessert menu .
As a conclusion , I recommend visiting " Ichiban Restaurant " , you 'll have the chance of enjoying a delicious meal in a very agreeable atmosphere .
Reflective Writing
I have done to take responsibility for my own learning .
Independent learning has become an indispensable part of finishing tertiary - level education successfully .
However , traditional teaching methods , force - feeding students , have made me overly dependent on teachers in China , which has led me to follow teachers indiscriminately .
Compared with EAP course , it tend to be taken responsibility for finishing assessments independently , especially for academic writing .
Firstly , it was too difficult for me to hand in assessments on time , because I used to spend too much time on playing games without teachers ' supervision , so that I always did not have enough time for finishing academic assignments independently .
Following this trend , I have become a procrastinator in the end , which made me unable to face the problems of time management .
In this sense , the term " time management " means the ability to control time by prioritizing tasks and planning the effective scheduling of time to balance study and work , and to keep concentration on motivating yourself to learn towards a goal ( Academic Skills Unit , 2012 , pp.22 - 25 ) .
Developing a strategy for studying is vital .
Rowh ( 2006 ) states that you will stay up late to complete assessments before the deadline is due without planning in advance .
Therefore , the best way is to leave 30 minutes every day for reading and beginning to read at once .
Based on examining my current experience and research , I noticed that a gap , unsuccessful time management in independent learning , is the root cause of these problems .
Then I made a few conscious changes where I began to manage the deadlines for finishing my homework ahead of some weeks , as well as stopping procrastinating in the most important areas of my life .
As an independent learner , it is my sole responsibility to autonomously learn , which will be a very important factor in future for passing EAP1 successfully , as well as giving me an advantage in terms of coping with the challenges of my future Bachelor of Nursing in Australia .
The most historical place in Spain is the city of Cáceres .
It is in the south of Spain , where the weather is warm .
Cáceres is visited by many tourists every year .
Moreover , there are many things to see and do here .
At the beginning of the 7th century , Cáceres was conquered by the Arabs .
They spent five centuries here .
At the end of the 14th century , Cáceres was conquered by the Romans .
Therefore , it is a multicultural and multiracial society .
On the other hand , Cáceres is divided into two main areas ; the new city , which has modern and tall buildings .
As well as the historical city , which has short and narrow streets .
The center of the historical city is the Big Square . There are mixed Arabs and Roman buildings , and two cathedrals .
The most important palace is Jorge 's palace .
Jorge was a king who won an important battle against the Arabs .
To sum up , if I have to recommend a place , I will recommend Cáceres .
For several reasons .
In the first place , the people are really fun and friendly .
In the second place , you would learn the history of Spain in these streets .
In the third place , this year , Cáceres is the capital of gastronomy in Spain .
My favourite restaurant is Chinese .
In Caceres we can eat Chinese food at Food House .
Some people do n't like this food , but at this restaurant you can eat other types of food . For example , Spanish food and Mexican food .
The atmosphere in this restaurant is very good and it 's very clean .
This restaurant is very big , so we would n't have a problem .
The waitresses and waiters are very friendly and funny .
This restaurant is buffet style . We paid 15€/person and we could eat and drink all that we wanted .
From my point of view , this restaurant has one drawback ; the waiters and waitresses do n't come to the table , you have to go to get your food and drink .
I love this restaurant . The food is absolutely delicious .
In this set of materials , the listening passage discusses the advantages of alcohol and how it contributes to improving health and personality , and the reading contradicts this by revealing the downside of it .
In the listening passage , the professor discusses the advantages of alcohol and how it helps to reduce heart attacks and strokes by 40 percent , due to the fact that it reduces blood clots and slows down the deterioration of brain function .
In addition , moderate drinking helps to maintain healthy movement , because some research has shown that people who drink moderately have a lesser proportion of body fat , because alcohol speeds up the metabolism , which makes calories burn quickly .
Moreover , it is stated that people who drink moderately have positive social behavior , which means that they are more likely to establish contact than non - drinkers , and they are more social , popular and they are more likely to be married .
On the other hand , the reading contrasts with this by mentioning the disadvantages of alcohol .
Firstly , it is stated that alcohol leads to weight gain , because it has more calories per gram than any other drink , and it is mentioned in the passage that you need to walk a mile to lose the calories of a glass of wine .
Furthermore , studies have shown that alcohol stimulates the appetite , which makes people consume more than they need .
For example , researchers have found that belly fat is related to alcohol .
Second , alcohol can cause some serious health issues , especially cirrhosis of the liver , heart failure , brain damage and a variety of cancers .
Third , people who drink alcohol tend towards aggression and violence .
In fact , studies show that 86 percent of all homicides and 60 percent of sexual assaults are linked to alcohol .
With the development of globalization , there are varieties of impacts on different aspects of daily life .
People also discuss its advantages and disadvantages .
This essay will describe both positive and negative influences of transportation in China using some examples .
Firstly , there is a benefit of globalization that people can buy some special products from various countries on the internet instead of buying in the production site .
So transportation of goods has become an important link for both the public and businesses .
In recent years , some different sized logistics companies have been hold , and different modes of transportation have developed rapidly .
For example , in the past , the main modes of transportation were ships , trains and trucks , so people had to wait a long time for their parcels and letters .
However , now , an increasing number of consumers and logistics companies have chosen airplanes , which can save a lot of time for transporting their parcels .
Secondly , there is still a disadvantage of globalization relating to transportation in China .
The reason is that the development of globalization has let our country improve its economy .
However , because of the increasing standard of living , a growing number of people have chosen to travel , which has put heavy pressure on transportation .
So in order to transport a huge number of visitors who are not only foreigners but also native people , the government and experts have to think of some different ways to solve this problem .
For example , some cities like Beijing and Hangzhou have to limit the number of cars which come for traveling to decrease the pressure of transportation in sight spots and city centres .
In conclusion , globalization of transportation has brought both positive and negative effects for Chinese people .
So in my opinion , people need to find the right ways to let globalization raise the standard of living while discussing its advantages and disadvantages .
Bra is a small village in Italy and it is also my town .
Bra really takes care of the environment .
If you visit it , you will probably appreciate all the innovations applied to save our environment .
For example , all the members of the town council use bikes , so they are a good example to all citizens .
So , if you want a bike , to get around easily , you have to get a card which allows you access to all bikes situated in specified places in the city .
In my town , cars do n't pollute .
They have green engines .
These engines use bio fuels , so the environment is not affected .
I am really proud of my city because there are few .
I think if we want to protect our environment , we should start with the little things .
Nowadays it 's very important to be bilingual .
Speaking just your native language is not enough to work or to travel .
Moreover , if you want to find a good job , you must be able to speak two or three languages without any problems .
You should speak accurately and also fluently .
I can speak three languages .
My native language is Catalan because I 'm from Valencia .
I also know Spanish and , in addition , I 'm learning English right now .
I 'm living in Worcester , a city in England .
I 'm an au pair .
Last year , I was in Poland and I could see how important it was to speak English . With this language , you can communicate with other people , not just English people but with all people around the world .
When I was a child I did n't understand why I needed to learn English , but now I can see how important it is . For this reason , I 'm motivated to learn .
On the other hand , I love travelling and if you know several languages everything will be easier .
You can understand the guide , the signs ...
you can enjoy yourself a lot and learn more about different cultures .
However , learning a language takes a long time and you need to be patient .
Moreover , language courses can be expensive . In my opinion , the best thing that you can do is move to another country . It would be easier to stay motivated because you need to learn it to find a job or to make friends .
As far as I can see , it 's important to know languages , not just your mother tongue .
I encourage everybody to learn languages .
It could be nice and give you more opportunities to do whatever you want . And do n't lose heart , at the beginning it could be difficult but , bit by bit , you will see your progress .
With a thousand years of building and fighting for the liberty of our nation , we can be proud of our history .
Vietnam is a small country but it has defeated two big nations which wanted to turn Vietnam into their colony .
With strong patriotism , the Vietnamese people nowadays are trying to develop the nation , to get into the globalization process .
However , as a resident of the country , we can not forget about history and about our ancestors ' services rendered to the nation as well as our culture and ideology .
As a reward for their efforts .
Each nation has their own historical place . Vietnam is not an outcast , we also have many historical places which help the younger generations to understand about the past .
Those places will help them to take a close look at the roots of our nation and learn how to appreciate our culture , customs and tradition .
We can mention many places , such as Sword Lake , Hỏa Lò prison , the Temple of Literature ...
Today , I will mention one of the iconic places in Vietnam which you should not miss when you travel to Vietnam .
It is the Temple of Literature , the first university of the nation .
The Temple of Literature was built in 1070 , in the Ly dynasty .
In spite of wars and the destruction of time , the Temple of Literature is still preserved in good shape now .
We can still see many ancient structures which show the main trend of architecture at that time .
Like many other Asian countries , in the past , we were greatly influenced by the ideology of Confucius , a philosopher from China .
He built a system which was based on 4 essential relationships in society .
The lessons that scholars at that time received , most of them were about his ideology .
Apart from that , they learned mostly about literature and poetry .
We can briefly describe the overall structure of the Temple of Literature , which consists of six parts .
Firstly , there were 3 main gates , the center one only for the king , the left side one was for administrators , the right side one was for the military .
Scholars could only enter by a small gate from the side .
Then there are five courtyards from the first one to the fifth one from outside to inside .
One remarkable feature of the Temple of Literature is that the people who passed 4 rounds of examinations then gained position titles would have their names engraved on the stone grave carried on stone turtles .
Right at the moment of entering , you can see them from two sides of the courtyards .
The Temple of Literature is a hollow place for students even now .
Before the university entrance examinations , many students come here and wish for luck .
The Temple or Literature ( or Imperial Academy ) can be seen as the most well - known historical place in Vietnam .
It contains not only the history but also the culture and customs , and it is the first official institute which you should not miss .
I do a lot of sports , for example , cycling , karting , football and basketball but my favourite sport is swimming because I have been doing this sport with my grandfather since 1995 .
I love swimming because if you are angry or your job is very stressful , you will feel well after thirty minutes in a pool .
Also , you meet a lot of people while you do sport .
This is a relaxing sport because while you are swimming you can think about your life .
Another good point about this sport is that you have to move all parts of your body .
Actually , this sport is very healthy , so some doctors are recommending this type of sport .
You can do different sports in the pool , for example , swimming , water aerobics , Olympic diving or diving .
If you begin to do this sport , you should wear good snorkeling goggles and you should warm up five minutes before you get into the pool .
Also , you should have a cold shower after and before you swim . This is good because your body temperature is hotter than the water in the pool and if you get into the pool very quickly you could have a problem with your body temperature .
Topic : Mt . Fuji
In Japan , there are many interesting places to visit .
For example , Kyoto is a popular place to visit because it has a lot of invaluable temples .
Sapporo is an attractive place because the raw fish and vegetables are fresh and nice to eat .
Among these places , Mt .
Fuji is the most wonderful place in Japan . Because its scenery is so beautiful , it is a popular place and it offers several exciting activities .
The first reason is Mt .
Fuji has very beautiful scenery .
For instance , in winter , Mt .
Fuji is changed to a white face by snow .
The white Mt .
Fuji is very beautiful , so it has been the subject of countless works of art , such as the ' Thirty - six Views of Mt. Fuji ' , a series of " ukiyo - e " paintings by Hokusai .
Also , in summer , almost all the snow on Mt Fuji melts and it changes to brown and green colors .
At a summer sunset , Mt .
Fuji is so majestic that many pictures and paintings have been done of Mt .
Fuji at sunset .
Depending on the season , Mt .
Fuji makes various beautiful sights and it always fascinates many people .
The second reason is that Mt .
Fuji is a popular mountain .
There are so many people who come here .
A lot of travelers and climbers come to climb the mountain and more than 200,000 people climb to the top of Mt .
Fuji in a year .
In addition , many cameramen and painters come to record the beautiful landscape of Mt .
Fuji .
Also , many observers of weather , stars or space come here , since this is an important place to observe weather , stars and space .
The last reason is that Mt .
Fuji offers several exciting leisure activities .
Climbing to the top of Mt .
Fuji is allowed in late July and August .
Climbing to the mountaintop is not easy because the height is more than 3,700 meters .
However , numerous climbers come to experience seeing the very beautiful views , such as the exquisite rising sun from Mt .
Fuji .
In addition , a marathon takes place ever year .
This marathon is very hard due to severe conditions of low oxygen and a steep slope , so people who are proud of having a strong body try this marathon .
Furthermore , around Mt .
Fuji , there are five beautiful lakes and many hot springs .
These offer a campsite , fishing , cruising , and taking a hot spring bath with a nice view .
Enjoying an activity with a nice view is relaxing for people .
Japan has a lot of good places for relaxing , but the best place is Mt .
Fuji .
Mt .
Fuji has beautiful scenery , it is popular and it offers exciting activities for people .
Mt .
Fuji will continue to make a wonderful impression on many people forever .
Story
The doorbell ran .
When I opened the door , imagine my surprise , as there was nobody standing .
NO one at all .
I could only feel a hot , smelly stream of wind . '
There must have been a naughty child ' , I thought , without worrying .
Later in the week , I was doing the dishes when the kitchen door suddenly opened for no reason and I felt the same hot wind in my face and smelled the same funny smell .
That was when I first started to believe that something wrong was happening at home .
The next time such a thing happened to me I felt no wind but smelled this particular stink .
It was as if somebody was cooking some cauliflower .
At that time , I was unemployed , so I was n't able to move house and as I was n't afraid of it I had to put up with those strange events .
So , I decided not to pay any attention to it and to carry on with my normal life .
Now I have to admit that I have a problem . I am sharing my home with a ghost or two , but I do n't mind as long as he or she leaves me alone .
My name is Cristina and I am 19 years old . I think I am a suitable person because I have been working with children for quite a long time .
My parents have both been working since I was 12 , so I had to take care of my little sister , who is four years younger than me .
Also , I love spending time with children .
For this reason , I have been doing three courses during this year .
These are quite interesting and have helped me to know deeper children 's pleasures .
I have learnt a lot of activities which let them have fun at the same time as they get in touch with nature .
I am able to cook some delicious dishes too .
My grandmother used to run a restaurant and she taught me some Italian recipes .
I have to practise more , but I think I am qualified enough to do this activity .
I am available all summer , so I could start to work whenever you need me to .
I would like to know as soon as possible whether you are hiring me since I have to look for a cheap and well qualified airline company which I can afford .
Please contact me if you need any more information about me .
Yours faithfully
Good afternoon .
My name is John , I 'm twenty - nine years old and I live in Romania .
This month , on the 9th , I 'm going to have an oral and writing examination on my English language knowledge .
The English language is a foreign language for me , but I have studied it for ten years and hopefully I will manage to pass the exam .
I am particularly concerned about my speaking skills and I hope I will not be too nervous in front of the teachers .
The exam is supposed to be on professional matters .
Subjects like passports , travel documents , third country citizens , inhumane treatment or punishment will be the main criteria of the exam .
I have three more days to prepare myself better , but to be honest , I 'm not in the mood for studying .
I 'm going to travel all the way to the capital of my country , approximately three hundred and fifty kilometres .
I called a girl who is a colleague of mine from another airport .
She said she would join me for the exam .
In fact , she will also participate in the exam .
Hopefully , I will pass the exam and will attend the English course for a month .
Afterwards , I will have the right to take part in the international missions to maintain peace under the patronage of the European Union .
I hope to come back happier .
Dear Sir / Madam ,
I am writing in regard to the environmental problem you are researching .
First of all , I am going to present to you some general information about the environment in our village .
- Our village has only 200 citizens , therefore the amount of rubbish produced in a year is insignificant to the environment in our area .
- There is a recycling facility near our village and 80 percent of the rubbish is being recycled .
- 60 percent of the houses in the village have solar panels .
Secondly , I am going to inform you about how our citizens are trying to keep the area clean .
- There are cleaning campaigns twice a year .
- There are separate rubbish bins for plastics , metal and glass in the whole area .
Lastly , I am going to explain how our village is kept attractive .
- Last year there was a campaign to renew and repair the most attractive parts of the village .
All the important buildings and monuments were cleaned and repainted .
In conclusion , I would say that our village is an example of an environmentally aware city .
I hope this report informed you fully on the environmental situation in our village .
Yours faithfully ,
Kalina Yevtushenkova .
Report : How Budapest takes care of its environment ?
It 's very hard to organise a big city 's rubbish collection system and to keep the city clean .
In connection with the first issue , Budapest accomplishes the task very well .
In Budapest the rubbish is collected separately .
In the new buildings , there are usually dustbins for each type of material ( glass , plastic , etc . ) , and around the older buildings there are more and more separate dustbins .
So , almost everybody who lives in Budapest has the chance to use this form of rubbish collection .
It would be logical that we recycle the garbage as much as possible , and there are factories where they use this technique , but in Budapest we do n't usually use many recycled goods these days .
And that is a serious problem , because in the not too distant future , we wo n't be able to handle the garbage - there wo n't be enough space where we can deposit it .
Another ( one could say the most ) important question about a capital city is : how clean is it ?
In that area , Budapest is really awful .
In spite of the number of cleaners , the town is dirtier than Vienna or Prague .
Naturally , it mainly depends on us : if we could put our garbage in the dustbin , instead of leaving it on the streets , it would be easier to keep it clean .
However , it would n't be impossible to collect the rubbish and clean the streets more often - it 's just a matter of organisation .
Since yoga entered my life , I am trying to change my common view of many things .
My lifestyle is among them .
The ecological situation is seriously bad , not only in my city , but in my country in general .
Rubbish recycling is the biggest problem in Kyyiv , in my opinion .
All the rubbish is taken to a huge dump a few kilometres away from the city .
What a smell !
But people mostly do n't care about it .
We keep on generating rubbish and using harmful things .
We still use plastic bags and bottles , phosphate detergents , throw batteries away .
Not to mention diapers and sanitary towels , paper napkins and many other things .
Unfortunately , we do n't separate rubbish .
Can you imagine why ?
Because recycling is hardly developed here , in Ukraine .
There are no factories and plants to recycle all these materials , though we 've already got special yellow bins for paper and glass in the city streets .
For a very long time I 've been doing my best to separate rubbish , and then , it was a really bright summer morning , I saw that the special yellow bin for paper and glass was emptied into the same lorry with the other rubbish ...
Yellows bins were carried away from our yard a few days later .
Once again , there 's only one bin for all types of rubbish .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
I have just read your advertisement on your page for recruiting people for summer camps all over the USA .
First of all , I have provided experience working with children in that age range .
I have taken courses in First Aid and I am even doing a course as a personnel trainer for children with some delay and disability .
Secondly , I have been working in a restaurant for more than five years .
Starting there , beginning as a dishwasher , being promoted until I got the main position as a Chef .
In my spare time I work for a not - for - profit organization as a clown .
I have been learning English for 8 years and after I sat r the FCE exam two years ago , as soon as I passed the exam , I started preparing for the certificate in advanced English exam so that I could demonstrate my English skill even more , both written and spoken .
I have further professional and personal references .
Finally , I am available to have an interview if you consider my qualifications positively .
I will be waiting for your reply .
Yours faithfully ,
DANTE LOZANO .
The fact that " shopping is not always enjoyable " might be considered a universal truth .
Although it is true that shopping might not be a very interesting topic , it must be stated that it is necessary .
There are many different kinds of shopping : e.g. clothes , groceries , furniture , instruments , etc .
It all depends on what you are about to buy .
When it comes to clothes , there are also different kinds of people , the ones who do it out of necessity and the ones who do it for fun .
The former might not be so enjoyable whilst the latter , obviously , is done for enjoyable purposes .
Groceries and furniture , as well as instruments , follow the same pattern .
It all depends on the type of person buying them , their personality and a wide range of other characteristics which will not be covered now .
Lastly , it is undoubtedly influenced by the place in which you are shopping ( i.e. the room , the organization , the prices , the distance , etc ) and the unknown people who are in it , who may cause trouble or facilitate your shopping and make it more enjoyable .
These factors will be explained on another occasion .
In conclusion , shopping might be both : enjoyable and not .
In order for enjoyment to happen , a range of different variables have to take place .
Although there are a lot of people who strongly believe the best way of travelling around the city is by motorbike , there is also a large proportion of society who are sure it has too many drawbacks to be worth buying one .
Owning a motorbike has advantages .
One very important positive aspect is that , thanks to the small amount of petrol it needs , the keeping of a motorbike is very economical .
In addition , as it is smaller than a car , parking becomes much less complicated .
Besides , for the same reason , it is easier to avoid traffic jams .
On the other hand , motorbikes do also have drawbacks .
For example , the lack of safety , which raises the probability of getting hurt if an accident occurs .
Another disadvantage this kind of vehicle has is the low number of passengers who can travel on a motorbike . Consequently , not everybody finds it convenient or comfortable to own one .
In conclusion , owning a motorbike can be useful or useless depending on the lifestyle you have , your economic status , and the number of people you need to travel with .
Have you ever been in trouble which type of transport you should take ?
I was , too !
Let 's imagine : you can choose between plane , train and boat .
If you must go a long way , then you 'll probably opt for travelling by plane ...
It 's a good idea , but ... I 've got aviophobia !
It makes my every journey unpleasant and I feel uneasy all the week before the flight .
But excluding cases like mine : flying is the fastest , the safest and often the cheapest way to travel .
We can take a trip by boat .
But this mode of transport is n't so comfortable , especially when we must travel onshore ; then it 's complicated because travelling by boat is allowed only on the sea or any sizeable river , the courses of which are usually placed less conveniently than roads or even railway tracks .
In that case , this means that my favourite way to travel is by train !
For me , it has some very important advantages , like that you do n't stand in traffic , there are reductions for students , low risk of accidents , possibility of sleeping , possibility of travelling with a bike or other big luggage .
Most railway lines are quite spruce and , for me , travelling by train is a pleasure !
In my opinion , everything depends on our preferences , but the train is a general - purpose means of transport , I recommend it !
My favorite sport is badminton , which I have played for seven years and I started this sport when I was in junior high .
At first , I was not interested in it , since I did n't have any idea how to play , as I had only played basketball and volleyball . However , I did n't enjoy those two at all .
Moreover , I also did n't like to do exercise which was tiring and my strength was extremely weak so that every time we did 800 kilometers , I always ranked in the last three .
But when I decided to sit out and chatted with my friends , one of my male friends , who has still kept in touch to this day , asked me to play with him .
After he understood the reason why I did n't have any desire to play , he told me to give it a try , and if I still did n't like it , he would't force me .
Then , he taught me how to play . For example , when hitting , use the strength of the whole arm and do n't just use your elbow , or you will feel tired quickly .
While playing , I rejoiced at this exercise , because I had never sweated so much and felt refreshed before .
The funniest thing to me was that I thought I was a kid who was studying in kindergarten because of the way he taught .
When hitting the ball back successfully , he would say ' ' good , keep going " or " you did it '' .
Hitting the ball again and again , I learned I loved badminton unconsciously , because it not only includes running , but also concentrating .
Badminton is an easy sport that everyone can try . Just focus on the ball and hit it back .
In addition , before playing , you must warm up and relax your muscles after playing in case you suffer injuries .
Attn . : Mrs Kate Ashby
Manager of Green Pepper Cafe
Dear Mrs Ashby ,
I am writing to apply for a chance to work at weekends in your cafe as advertised .
I am now a housewife .
Cooking for my family is one of my hobbies , and I am therefore fond of finding different kinds of food .
In addition , having been equipped with my rather good English - speaking skills and cross - cultural communication skills obtained during my time working as a receptionist for a Canadian mining company , I feel very confident and approachable when dealing with customers .
Last but not least , I am willing to work for long hours if required .
With such qualities , I strongly believe that I would do this job very well .
Another reason I am applying for this job is that it will be really a good chance for me to help partly increase my income at this time and improve my family 's living conditions .
I am looking forward to hearing from you as soon as possible .
Your consideration and acceptance of my application will be much appreciated .
Yours sincerely ,
Tong Sun Ku
The world where we live now is more suitable for young people , as many could say and prove , even though , in some countries , older people can have a decent life without depending on young people .
Unfortunately , the reality impels me to admit that young people have more opportunities to enjoy life because of all the technological advances that older people tend not to understand well .
Also , because of the fact that urbanization has not helped most countries to adapt the cities into more accessible places for senior citizens .
The new technologies are something that we can not live without anymore .
But , unfortunately , the new gadgets can be very difficult to manage or master , especially for the part of the population who did not learn about them while they were children or students at the university ( older people ) .
I am one of the fortunate people who was born in the technological era , which means that I have had access to computers , gps and mobiles , for example , since I was a little child .
The technological devices help me in my daily life in a way that I can no longer travel or even commute in my city without them .
The fact that these tools are familiar for young people makes them helpful and useful .
On the other hand , to someone who did not have these when they were younger and more active , such as grandmothers and grandfathers , the new devices are just things that they can not use or understand .
The older people are limited in their abilities to use technology that could be valuable to provide enjoyable times at home , on the street , in a museum , etc .
Another transformation , which is related to the advances that humanity has been seeing lately , is the changes in the cities and our living habits .
Since last century , the world population is more present in the bigger cities , which , as a result , have been increasing in size and in problems .
The urbanization implemented by governments across the decades in the cities is sometimes not suitable for all members of the public .
For instance , older people or people with disabilities have great difficulty using the metro system because of the number of stairs .
My mother is a perfect case study for me because she can not use the transportation system in Paris or New York without getting lost and very tired from all the walking that she has to do when commuting .
The mobility of older people is certainly reduced if compared with a younger person .
Sometimes , the lack of solutions to the reduced capacity of movement in big cities compels the older population to stay at home .
In this case , they do not have the possibility to go out and enjoy the benefits that cities may bring to their lives .
Therefore , the new technologies and the transformation in the cities are very beneficial for the younger part of the population who are capable of understanding how to manage the modern devices and use all kinds of transportation .
On the other hand , for older people , the modernisation that we experience is an obstacle to them enjoying all that there is out there .
The Active Leisure Club
Introduction
The aim of this report is to give my opinion about the facilities and services of the Active Leisure Clubs .
Facilities
In general , the facilities are well maintained but the majority of the users think that the installation should be improved in the basketball and tennis courts and maybe the bathroom should be remodelled .
Advantages
The Club is located in the city centre and it 's very clean .
The workers are very kind and sympathetic and enjoy teaching .
In other words , I can say it is the best club I know .
Disadvantages
The activities are expensive .
I believe that it would be a good idea to reduce the cost of some activities .
Curiously , the Club is closed on Saturday evenings and on Sunday .
However , the majority of users want to use the Club at weekends and to spend their free time there .
Recommendations
It 's recommend that you improve the facilities , reduce the prices and open every day until 10.00 p.m.
Since the car was invented , we have been seeing a large increase in car production and in car use .
In the early days , the public transport system was n't very efficient , as it was in its beginning .
There were few buses and they would take too long , so waiting times were quite long .
However , as time went by , improvements were made to public transport .
Nowadays , they are modern and comfortable and they are n't as late as they used to be .
Travelling by car might be more pleasant , but it can also be costly , because fuel can be very expensive , depending on the current economy .
With regards to traffic , travelling by public transport can also be quicker , as there is a bus lane and no traffic for the tube .
However , over the past years , people have been travelling mostly by car , which seems to have led to higher levels of air pollution .
This is undoubtedly an important environmental issue that should definitely have our attention .
In spite of all the campaigns aiming to reduce the use of the car and increase the use of public transport , people still seem to prefer to travel by car .
Celebrities and their lives take intrinsic place in the lives of contemporary people .
The process of this fact becoming real and common in our society began about 100 years ago , and what is really interesting , nearly 95 percent of people in advanced society can not imagine the world without any kind of information about famous people and their existence at all .
The question is if it is good to take a leaf out of their book and I am going to talk about that .
It is good to have your unique value system , but stories about people who have been doing good affect you and your future decisions .
Probably , if you hear about heroic attitudes you will be able to do , without doubt , something magnificent as well .
In this way , I think that it is good to look up to some celebrities who are righteous .
The second thing is that if you are in trouble you 'll feel better than usual because of well - known dramas based on factual stories which happened to famous people .
As the English say : better the devil you know .
There are dangers which appear because of overthinking about stars and comparing yourself to them - it is called low self - esteem .
Even if you would like to be up to date with the latest news from celebrities ' private lives and professional careers , you have to remember that the media distorts reality .
If something is n't catchy , it will not attract people 's attention .
The press editors often alter details so that they get material that sells well .
If you believe that the media tells the truth , you are wrong .
To sum up , I believe that it is really important to strike a balance and keep it during your whole life .
Of course , you can look up to celebrities but you have to be aware of the consequences .
Each kind of guiding light helps us , but the most important thing is to choose the right and accurate person .
INTRODUCTION
The aim of this report is to describe Schedrin 's School of arts for children and young people .
It is one of the best places in our town where teenagers can develop their artistic skills .
GOOD POINTS
The school provides lots of different activities for those who are interested in music , drawing , dance and theatre .
Students are taught by highly qualified staff .
More than that , all the classes are free .
The atmosphere at school is very creative .
During the whole school year , a great number of exhibitions , concerts and performances are given by pupils themselves and by invited musicians and artists as well .
BAD POINTS
The worst thing about the school is that not everyone can be accepted to study there .
Children have to take an entrance examination .
The other thing is that students are not able to refuse to attend some classes they do not like because those are considered to be a part of an educational standard for the particular artistic area .
CONCLUSION
It is definitely worthwhile to study there , although it is advised to let students choose the activities they prefer .
The phenomenon of homeless people has become a serious problem and many countries can not solve this problem .
The number of homeless people is increasing not just in the developing countries but all over the world .
In my opinion , homeless people are victims because nobody wants to live without shelter .
First of all , being without a home is a horrible problem .
One of the major reasons for this problem is wars , especially in the Arab countries like Syria , Libya and Yemen .
Everyday on the news we see refugees who are living in miserable condition .
They live in tents that do not protect them from cold weather or dangerous insects .
They do not have enough food .
In addition , financial crises . Most companies have financial problems , so the ideal solution to them is downsizing .
After a while , the people who are laid off will not have enough money to live and they will become homeless people .
Furthermore , street children are a result of family troubles .
Cases of divorce are increasing and many children run away and prefer to live in the streets instead of in a home full of problems .
As opposed to the idea above , some people believe that homeless people are criminals and they cause danger to our society because they need money and food so they might steal or kill for this .
To conclude , the world has a complicated problem , so governments and charitable organizations must take a quick decision and put in place a real solution to solve this problem .
The Homeless people are human beings and they must have their rights in life .
Just pull yourself together , Tom !
After the second false start you 'll be disqualified and then you can kiss victory goodbye , - that 's how I mentally tune myself , - Take it easy !
There is a four hundred metre distance and ten barriers ahead - that 's where you 'll show what you have got .
I wo n't lose , not this time .
I look around tribunes : there are n't so many people , despite the fact that today the Australian Hurdle Champion of the season will be decided .
Well , maybe it 's for the best - less pressure .
Although who am I deceiving ... - I 'm thinking and nervously stretching out my stiff neck .
The pressure is so great that it could be used as fuel to fly to space .
Six other sportsmen are shaking like minnows grounded by chance .
I must look like them from the side .
Everyone 's nervous except for Jerome Tanny , last year 's champion , famous for his threatening pre - start grin , that we all call the " Shark 's Smile " .
Tanny is a human rocket that 's warming up on a neighboring track lane .
I know that my old man , Navarro , is the one to have sweaty hands now !
Even from here , I can see his anxious look and the way he 's fidgeting on a bench .
That 's strange , but before the start my thoughts are as if an old steam locomotive is going to those depths of memory which are really hard to get to in ordinary life .
Owing to the increase in the population , human beings use more land to build houses , which leads to the decline of forest areas .
The large - scale building projects do allow humans to have homes , but not the animals .
Thousands of acres of forests are destroyed , leading to climate change .
Our cities emit too much carbon dioxide , making the earth warmer .
Thus , the winter becomes colder , and the summer becomes hotter .
The change of climate leads to a lot of terrible things breaking out .
Floods , droughts , and famines . All of these have great effects on humans and animals . For instance , the loss of property , the disappearance of people , which is not good for the development of human beings .
For one thing , animals do not have homes , so some of them become endangered species , worse still , die out .
For another thing , humans will find it hard to get close to nature , and the noises of cities will do harm to human s ' health .
I think that efforts must be made quickly by governments to protect our homes .
Firstly , the population should be controlled . If humans continue to increase rapidly , there will be no more room for humans .
Secondly , governments should teach their people how to protect the environment , such as making them aware that destroying too much farmland is a bad choice .
Thirdly , reserves should be set up to provide room for animals , and we can help the endangered animals in this way .
Finally , governments should use the space properly , for example , making plans before building buildings , estimating the effects on humans and animals .
Yesterday , I was asked to write an article about my favorite sport .
My favorite sport is running .
Yes just running .
Most people would say that running is just the most boring sport ever .
They would only do it if they had to .
But I enjoy myself so much doing this sport , even if it 's just running around .
Running keeps you fit in two ways , as you keep your body and your mind active and healthy .
Going for a run is the best way to set your mind free and to think about nothing .
Moreover , your brain gets oxygen and your body gets movement .
Your blood is now able to circulate easily through your veins .
I do n't mind that everyone complains about how awful running is .
Running will always be my favorite sport !
Dear camp director ,
I think I could be the right person for this job . I 'm really patient and I really love to be with kids , play with them and take care of them . I always have fun with them .
I have 6 younger siblings ; 4 girls and 2 boys , and every time my parents go out for a job interview , dinner , to the movies , etc . ,
I always stay home and take care of them . I invent games for them to have fun and they also can learn with them . Sometimes I take them to the sports club I work at . I 'm a swimming teacher and in my free time in the afternoon , I 'm with them in the pool having fun , playing and teaching them to swim .
I also know a lot about cooking because in junior high I took cooking lessons and I learned a wide variety of dishes and snacks .
I hope you consider me for this job .
Thank you for your time . Have a good day !
Paulina
Dear Barbara ,
What great news !
I am very keen on computer games too .
What game are you playing ?
We should meet online to play together .
Do you know " Steam " ?
It is a great online shop where you can save a lot of money .
In fact , you probably spend more money than you save , because you will want to buy their whole catalogue .
Regarding your question , I have been playing " Trine 2 " since last week .
I recommend it to you .
It has wizards , witches , knights , thieves , goblins , but it makes you think too .
Looking forward to seeing you soon .
Faithfully yours .
My favourite sport is slalom .
Most people I know do n't know what you are doing if you are doing slalom .
But I am going to tell you about it .
Let 's get started with the basics .
Your position .
To ski well you need to push your body forward .
It should be a strait line through your toes , knees and shoulders .
You need to use your muscles in your stomach to stay in the right position .
Another thing that is important is the angle .
The body parts that help you to get a big angle are your toes , knees , hips and shoulders .
A turn starts with your toes , and then your knees and then your hips .
When you start training in course you need to think about where you turn .
You should do the turn before the stick so you can start the next turn right after you pass the stick .
The best thing about this sport is the feeling .
The wind blowing in your hair , the speed and that you have control of what is happening .
It is also fun because you can notice that you are getting better all the time .
Personal experiences
In the first place I will tell you who are the most important people in my life .
This is a question that I struggle to answer , but I have to say the most important person in my life was and is my marvellous father .
He led me through the branch of life and taught me to know which is the best path to follow .
He is always on my mind , even though he is not physically present .
My mother always helps me to choose the best option too .
I must be honest and I have to comment about another no less important person for me , who is my best friend .
His name is Pepe .
He is always with me even in the worst moment .
I still remember when I failed my last exam , although I passed it later .
He never left me alone .
He also cooks tasty meals and gives me them .
We often go out together to the cinema , have a walk , do the shopping , meet our friends , etc .
We both enjoy being with a few close friends .
To sum up , I have to say there are so many people in my life , but few people so kind as the ones I just mentioned .
In our modern life money has always been presented as something really important .
Many people think that you need a lot of money to be happy .
My opinion is that only a minimum of money is necessary .
This should be enough to make you feel happy like a comfortable blanket does .
It starts with your work life .
At this moment you need money to acquire the necessary things to build a happy life .
Without enough money you will not be able to be in good shape to work .
Also , if you get enough , you will be able to acquire your own home to see your future family growing inside it .
Some say that having money to buy the latest gadget makes you feel happy .
Actually , if that 's the case , the happiness will only be for a short time .
The duration of the gadget fashion .
In conclusion , I 'm pretty sure that you do n't need much money to be happy .
You need just the necessary to have a happy long life .
The urban myth that statues can move makes contemporary people frightened .
And the Doctor Who Sci - Fi TV series from the BBC externalized this terror with the Weeping Angels .
They appeared first in Blink , one of the Doctor Who episodes .
After Blink was broadcast , it raised common fears about statues among TV - viewers in Britain and all over the world .
According to the recent polls in 2007 and 2012 carried out by the British magazine , Radio Times , the Weeping Angels were picked as the scariest villains of the Doctor Who series twice by about half of respondents .
These results are interesting because Weeping Angels are not the old adversaries of the Doctor , like the Daleks , exterminating all organic and inorganic things in the whole universe , or the Cybermen , transforming all living things into cyborgs .
Then , what makes the Weeping Angels frightening ?
To figure out the factors , an uncanny theory is used .
This uncanny theory explains an uncomfortable sensation originating from perceiving something familiar as unfamiliar .
This weird feeling is especially caused by experiencing something dead or non - living as life - like .
In Blink , the Weeping Angels ' uncanny traits and awkward backgrounds in the drama make the audience have a scary and unfamiliar sensation .
It is hard to read the Weeping Angels ' thoughts and emotions from their ash - pale faces .
They look unnatural , in spite of their similar appearances to humans .
Usually , they tend to hide their faces , since angels can not move freely when they watch each other .
And the expressions in their eyes are completely lacklustre , due to the lack of pupils .
Also , they have deadpan expressions .
These factors make angels more like grotesque psychopathic assassins .
Then , it seems that these statues might lose their spirits only when they get our gaze .
By the way , the exterior traits of Weeping Angels are not enough to make people scared .
But when it comes to their interior factor , the uncanny feelings are maximised by turning an unconscious physiological reaction into a conscious one .
The angels move and attack freely only when people blink or turn their eyes away .
However , people blink several times a minute and they are hardly aware of blinking .
After the Doctor 's warning , we may not turn our backs , look away , and blink as we are protagonists of the episode .
Because it seems like if we do that , angels will come out of the TV and attack us !
Then , strangely , blinking becomes a conscious behaviour .
Moreover , there are good scene settings to make people not blink by immersing the audience in that situation .
In several scenes , Weeping Angels , the lonely assassins never shift their positions and postures , even though the protagonists and supporting players blink , look away or turn their backs .
Why do they not move , even if their prey is near ?
The reason is that TV viewers are watching them simultaneously .
To change the pose of the horrific statues technically , directors hide the angels by actors closing and opening the door or conceal the angels behind the actors through panning cameras horizontally , for a moment .
Finally , directors fade out the scenes by flicking out the light in the basement to maximize the threat of the Weeping Angels !
Finally , Blink fills people with dread about the circumstances they live in by feeling unfamiliar .
After Sally , the heroine of Blink , takes the TARDIS key away from the Weeping Angels in the deserted house , they shadow her quietly , as if they might be laid there for a long time .
For instance , the angels camouflage themselves as monuments or tombs in graveyards , carvings of the cathedral on the streets , and ornamental carvings in front of an old police office .
Consequently , it makes the audience unfamiliar with their circumstances .
Then TV viewers are terrified at the basis of their livelihoods and people grab blankets tight !
Anna knew that it was going to be a very special day for her .
She began to study at a prestigious University .
Her family was very proud of her .
She was the first of her siblings to follow that path .
That was a great responsibility for her , as well as bringing great prestige .
Anna feared that she would have difficulties coping with the expectations .
However , acquaintances of hers , the students at the University , comforted her .
They assured Anna that she would be granted success due to her knowledge and diligence .
Moreover , her field of studies was medicine , which was her dream .
Her grandfather , the first doctor in the family , was her role model .
The greatest wish of her life was to work alongside him in the hospital .
The first step was taken .
From now on , Anna would have to direct her attention to making her grandfather proud of her qualifications .
She intended to prove that medicine is a suitable field of study for her .
MY FAVOURITE SPORT
It seems that the most popular sport in the whole world is football because it keeps all people united , so that is why I love this sport and not only because of that , but it makes me feel very excited and it involves a lot of emotion as well . Do you enjoy watching or playing football ?
Surprisingly , when you are playing this sport you improve your speed and coordination too , so that could be an interesting reason for taking it up if you are not involved in it .
Personally , what I can say is that playing this sport makes me feel really alive and not only when I am playing it , it also happens when I am watching it , especially during the World Cup .
Curiously , there are many ways of taking care of yourself when you are taking up this sport , so what I advise you to do is to do some exercise before you go on the pitch , because it not only prevents you from suffering from sprains or other kinds of injuries , but keeps you active to keep the level of your game .
I am encouraging those people who do not like doing sport that it is the best way to maintain your health .
In Japan , there are many rules that are imposed in the Sento .
They are usually aimed at avoiding hygiene problems .
Potential issues such as rule violations and conflicts may arise because foreigners may not understand the rules .
Japanese , as pointed out by Trompenaars ( cited in Morrison , 2006 ) , is highly influenced by the values of universalism .
Similarly , the high level of uncertainty avoidance and the low level of indulgence ( Hofstede 1994 ) cause Japanese people to seem to be obedient and self - disciplined .
The main reason why Japanese people always follow the rules is out of respect and a hope not to cause any confusion for other users .
Also , Japanese people think highly of the enjoyment of bathing in a clean environment .
As a result , in Australia , conflicts may be caused due to the high level of indulgence and individualism in Australian culture ( Hofstede 1994 ) . People may usually emphasize their self - satisfaction and think of themselves first , instead of the public .
They may not consider the public interest and not give precedence to other users .
Consequently , the bathing pool may face hygiene problems , such as someone not washing before bathing , and scrambling issues .
In order to achieve cost efficiency , the choice of locations and decor must be thoroughly considered .
The location , whether it has a sufficient quantity of water or not , is the essential consideration .
Rental cost is also a limitation , as it is relatively high in Australia .
Dear John ,
I am writing to recommend a place you should definitely visit while you 're in Poland .
The place I 'm writing about is Wawel Royal Castle in Cracow .
It is not only one of the most important monuments in the whole country , but also a beautiful place to visit .
It is a majestic castle conveniently located on the river .
It 's a huge , breath - taking complex of historical buildings and royal gardens .
The place is fascinating , because it is loaded with history and it 's nice to spend a day and relax in the royal gardens .
I also recommend going to the vaults under the cathedral , where since the 16th century , many kings and famous Polish people have had their graves .
The Wawel Royal Castle is must - see place , while visiting Poland .
It is well known in the whole of Europe and many foreigners come to Poland just to see Cracow city and , among other things , Wawel Castle .
I also thoroughly recommend Cracow in general as a place to visit , because it is beautiful , full of other worth - seeing monuments , cute little cafes , a varied choice of restaurants and vivid hotels with great views on the riverside .
I hope you will describe your impressions of the city after visiting it .
I 'm looking forward to a reply from you .
Yours faithfully
Evidence s that many natural systems have been affected by climate change , particularly by temperature rises .
I think it is time we started adopting environmentally friendly attitudes to help the planet .
First of all , as dioxides and carbon gases have been increasing ozone pollution in big cities worldwide , awareness campaigns should be promoted to highlight the alternative use of transportation .
Also , the adoption of bicycles and walking , for instance , seems to be a responsible attitude to the planet .
In addition , water pollution is a global problem as well , as so many industries dump a large amount of waste into rivers and lakes and also human waste and rubbish end up in the water .
A solution could be found by improving recycling , waste disposal and even , by cleaning up shorelines .
Moreover , life may not be possible for future generations , unless we start from now using renewable sources of energy , like green , to promote sustainability and improve energy efficiency , avoiding side effects for the planet .
To conclude , I firmly believe that we can reduce the damage and global warming by adopting environmentally friendly attitudes , as the use of green and clean energy sources .
During the lesson I was very impressed by Socrative ( www.socrative.com ) , therefore I decided to devise a quiz about HTML and CSS .
I planned a mock test about the course followed by the students as homework ( they have been spending about two weeks studying the course ) .
Students do the check ( tablet or notebook , software ) .
The teacher asks the students to report about the check results .
Students log in the website
The teacher asks if there are any problems
Students do the test
At the end of the test , the teacher shows the results ( correct answers percentage for each student ) .
Students interact with the teacher during the revision .
The teacher asks the students to comment on the results and the activity , and discuss the opportunity to repeat the activity .
This review is to tell you about the Astoux restaurant , which is situated in the heart of Cannes by the seashore .
As you enter the place you are welcomed by a very natural setting .
Sitting at any table , you have a wonderful view of the sea .
The menu offers a wide variety of mouth - watering starters : it is famous for its oysters .
The main course may consist of a risotto with fish , which can be really
It might be followed by a delicious mousse au chocolat served in a large glass as a perfect dessert .
All this can be accompanied by different selections of white wines .
All the produce is fresh and the chef takes great care in selecting the best quality ingredients .
In addition to that , the service well accompanies the high quality of the cooking .
Despite the high price of the food , I had a pleasant dining experience .
This is the reason why I highly recommend going to the Astoux restaurant .
The room was full of things that day .
Michael came back from school after a tedious day .
His brother Paul had been searching for something in his bedroom and it seemed to be a complete mess .
Suddenly , Michael saw his brother crying and he asked him . why " Where is my Playstation ? ? " , said Paul , inconsolably , and he ran to the kitchen .
Maybe someone had come into their house and stolen the game console ,
Michael thought .
When both of them started to search for clues around the house , they did n't find anything interesting , but after a while , they had seen several paw prints and , at that moment , Michael remembered a fact : he had left his dog inside the house , but the puppy had disappeared !
Obviously , he knew their dog Spooky had been into Paul 's bedroom and taken his Playstation .
As they were looking for it in the garden , they saw the console was near a tree .
Suddenly , Spooky turned up and ran away with some keys in his mouth , but Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
As the picture shows , there are six steps to producing bank notes .
First of all , they are supposed to be designed with great care and many considerations , such as the background colour , artwork and security issues , all of which are crucial for bank notes .
Secondly , skilled machinists will make preparations for the metal plates that are one of the most vital ways to ensure the quality of bank notes .
Thirdly , sheets of bank notes will be printed with colour on both sides , usually 50 bank notes per sheet .
In this step , special ink will be used for the images , which are slightly raised on the notes .
Next , it will come to the most important step , inspection .
Printed sheets will be manually inspected .
There are two ways for these notes after this step .
If they are good quality sheets or partially damaged but still in good condition , they will be packaged and dispatched .
On the other hand , if they are bad sheets or in bad condition , they will be disposed of securely .
Dear Daniel ,
How have you been ?
I hope the charity event you organised with your school was successful .
I was very inspired by your idea and decided to organize an event with charity club members in my school as well .
Now that we have a wonderful idea , I thought you would want to hear about it .
I know how much you care about animals and love them , especially dogs .
The problem is that there are lots of stray dogs in the streets and they disturb people .
We decided to organize a play and donate the money we earnt to a Dog Foundation .
We tried to involve as many students as possible , since we needed actors , costume designers and technicians .
Thanks to this event , people have learned to work as a team , improved their self - esteem and developed their social skills .
The event was very successful as we earned € 2,000 in just a day .
People who attended the event had a wonderful time .
Hope you liked my idea and look forward to hearing from you soon .
Love ,
Fulya
Just next to the desk , I would put on a small wardrobe ; given that there would be additional drawers under the bed to keep some clothes , a large wardrobe might not be needed .
I might put a mirror on the inside of one of the wardrobe doors .
Well , I have already explained in detail how I would decorate two of the sides of the room , so now I am going to tell you what there would be on the two remaining walls .
First and foremost , though , I have to say that I am an eager reader . That being said , it may be obvious why I value space so much : I need a place to put my books .
So , resuming what I was saying , I would place two or three bookcases , filling the remaining space this way .
On the other hand , aside from my bedroom , I would love to have my own reading nook , where I could read peacefully .
So , if my mental estimates are correct , there should still be enough space available to also place a little armchair , where I could read more comfortably than in my bed or in my desk chair , not very far from the window .
Oh
, also , it would be really nice to have a footstool , too .
As far as television is concerned , well , to be honest , I haven't watched much TV for years .
So , at most , I would put a fourteen inch one on the top of one of the bookcases .
Nevertheless , it 's something dispensable for me and , for this reason , I think I could get by without having one .
Now that I have already finished describing the arrangement of my hypothetical bedroom , I am going to talk about its lighting .
Firstly , I would only use energy - saving lights to illuminate my dream room .
Secondly , my idea is to put on , at least initially , two lamps : a white overhead one and a red desk one .
Since the desk is just beside the bed , the desk lamp could be used to illuminate both the desk and the bed head ; that way , placing another lamp on the furniture would be unnecessary .
Lastly , I could consider also putting a standard lamp near my reading armchair , but I would need to actually set up and use my dream bedroom to see if it is really worth it .
Finally , concerning the bedroom colours , I believe the walls should be painted in a light colour , like white , beige or , maybe a light green . The ceiling could be the same colour as the walls or , perhaps , a darker hue than them .
I sincerely doubt that I would paint the furniture , though , so they would display the colour of the wood they were made from .
Lastly , I would like my curtains to be red , given that that is my favourite colour ; however , I would use maroon , which is quite similar , for the curtains , because it is more sober and , consequently , more suitable for my room .
I think the family matters a lot to everybody .
We do n't choose our parents and children , but we can choose a good husband or a wife .
My parents divorced when I was 16 years old , so I do n't have a close relationship with my mom and dad .
Although I 'm very grateful to my mom for great support in the most difficult times of my life .
My mother has a lot of friends and she is quite happy .
My dad has a new family and it seems he is fine too .
My son is 13 years old and we understand each other very well .
I 'm a friend to him rather than a strict mother .
He does not conceal anything from me , as I try to understand what he really needs and support him .
My husband is also my best friend , as I do n't have anybody closer than him .
We speak about everything and respect each other .
Sometimes we quarrel , but it does n't last long .
I 'm happy , as I had always dreamt of such a family .
I completely disagree with the statement " there is no future for public transport " .
I do believe that with time people become more conscious of the idea of cities being convenient for everyone .
Although a private car is more convenient for its owner than public transport , it is not in use the majority of the time and that means wasting city space on parking while it could be used as a public space .
At the same time , it is not impossible to solve the task of comfort and efficacy simultaneously .
For instance , a network of taxi cabs with affordable prices could combine the comfort of a personal car and the work - load of public transportation .
Nowadays , all the car manufacturers have accepted the task of designing a robot - driven car that in future would resolve the issues of safety and availability of taxis 24 hours 7 days a week .
But how is it possible to persuade citizens to make the right choice ?
Unfortunately , the main method is to make private cars , if not a luxury , then to make their usage economically less efficient compared to public transportation .
And the underground , and light tram system are still more ecological and faster .
The aim of this report is to describe the training course that I attended last month , for a week , and the activities in which I was involved during that period of time .
It turned out to be a disadvantage for me , given that I am interested in the theory .
I managed to find out very few things about the theory , due to the large number of participants .
I realised there is no time to think much when it comes to practice , because you have to act quickly and to prove to yourself and the others that you use your knowledge in order to accomplish a certain task .
Efficiency is one of the most important things in terms of time management .
I would strongly recommend this training course on time management , because it is useful not just to gain some theoretical aspects for those who want to be more organised , but also if you want to really manage in a daily situation .
As a result of useful activities putting theory into practice , you will have a better chance to achieve your goal .
Hi Paul ,
As I told you , I helped at Linkin Park 's concert last month and I have to write you something about it .
You may think that I met them or I got an autograph , but I must disappoint you .
I was just selling tickets .
But I loved this experience , I really enjoyed it .
I was there with my friend .
When we arrived , the manager gave the tickets to us and told us to be nice .
We stood in the entrance and when the clock struck six there appeared thousands of people .
It does n't seem like it , but it was hard work , but after the concert the manager praised us for doing a good job .
And guess what was the best thing about it ?
We could watch the concert without buying a ticket !
You can imagine that it was amazing . Linkin Park is the best group I know , so I really enjoyed it .
I hope we will get this chance next year .
Do you think you will go with us next time ?
It 's an unforgettable experience and it gave me a lot .
Please write to me soon .
Yours faithfully
Petra
This picture illustrates the process of producing bank notes .
The first step is to design the appearance of the bank notes and then prepare skilled machinists for metal plates .
After that , these notes are going to get printed , which includes coloring them on both sides and raising the images with special ink .
The next step is the most important and it involves inspection , which means good and bad sheets are separated during this process .
The good quality sheets are cut into individual notes and dispatched after packing and the bad sheets and notes are destroyed for security reasons in the very last step .
Overall , the whole process of making bank notes has six steps and they are design , metal plate preparation , printing , inspection , dividing sheets into three groups and distribution or disposal .
The key step is to manually inspect the notes .
I do not agree with that at all .
No future for public transport ?
Of course there is a future for it , and more and more every day .
Greenhouse gases have put a red light warning on the planet , and countries around the world are starting to realize the importance of reducing these gases .
One of the measures that we , as world citizens , can take is to leave our cars at home and start to take public transport or to share cars with others .
Big cities are crowded with vehicles and , as a result , levels of pollution are dangerously increasing .
This is causing diseases and allergies that are affecting the citizens .
That is why many cities have closed their centres to private cars and only allow public transport .
Engineers are studying new engines that are more environmentally friendly , but even so , we have to reduce vehicles to help reduce the greenhouse effect and pollution .
Plans and programmes are being developed to reduce the number of cars driving through cities .
Some of these have the same aims .
Using public transport is a way to be green and help to improve our planet , and that is a very important task for all of us .
I do not agree with the statement that there is no future for public transport .
In recent years , public transport has become really common in our lives .
From the Metro system , the bus , the train , to the high speed rail , all this public transportation has become more and more popular .
Lots of people really enjoy the time when taking public transportation because it is more convenient , costs less and is more eco - friendly .
In my opinion , taking public transport is more convenient .
We do n't have to drive ourselves , and we do n't have to think about which way we should go to reach the destination .
What we have to do is simply go to the public transport stations and there will be vehicles that will take us to anywhere we want .
Additionally , taking public transport costs less .
Compared to driving a car , it only costs us about 20 N.T. dollars or at most 50 dollars for one single journey .
We have to pay for the petrol if we drive and we all know that the price of petrol goes up every year .
As a result , I think more people will prefer to take public transport rather than driving due to the high price of petrol .
Finally , taking public transport is more eco - friendly .
Our mother earth has suffered from air pollution for a long period of time , which leads to the greenhouse effect and a rise in the average sea level .
We do n't want these natural disorders to continue .
Taking public transport can efficiently reduce the emission of carbon dioxide and will help the earth to recover from those disorders .
So , as a member living on our mother earth , we should do our best to protect her .
From this point of view , I do n't think public transport has no future .
The above reasons I mentioned explain why I do not agree with the statement that public transport has no future because travelling by car is more convenient .
Can you imagine transportation which never appears ?
You may think of the time machine , but it would only be seen in a movie .
However , it probably wo n't be invented after all .
Is there no future for public transport ?
For a century , many modes of transport have been invented . Therefore , our lives have become convenient .
We can easily travel around the world .
What transportation we need and should be invented now is hard to imagine , because there is no place we ca n't go .
I think transport nowadays is perfect .
Although public transport is enough for people 's neds , its operation could be improved .
For example , the speed of transportation could become faster , use green energy sources , increase the capacity of the public vehicles and so on .
With the advance of technology , a lot of problems have arisen . Natural resources are becoming in storted , and the air pollution is getting worse .
This is harmful to everything in the world .
So , we have to consider how to solve these problems for the next generation .
Learning another language is very useful these days , because of globalization and also cooperation between countries .
It is important when we work or study in international areas .
It can have benefits but also some drawbacks .
First , I would like to write about benefits .
People who are learning another language or more languages have more opportunities in their lives .
It can have an influence on their work .
They can have a better position , work for a foreign company , communicate with foreign companies , etc .
It can be a benefit at school as well , because if you need some information for some project , you can look at foreign literature too .
Also , you can take part in travel and work experience which your school can offer .
If you want to try this option , you need to have a very good level in a particular language .
It is very good that , these days , schools offer you more languages to choose from and they recommend learning at least 2 foreign languages .
Of course , it can be different in each country .
Another very important benefit of learning a new language is that you can travel . You will understand people abroad and you will know how to communicate with them .
It helps you to ask people for a lot of important information which you need during your journey .
For example , which way you should go , where is a good restaurant , how to travel in a country , how to solve your problems , where is the cheapest accommodation and much more .
Thanks to learning another language , you can also have friends from all over the world and you can better understand the culture of a new country .
And what are the drawbacks ?
I think that there are not many disadvantages of learning another language .
One of them could be that people who do not understand this language will try to ask you all the time to help them .
It can be really interrupting if it continues for a long time .
And sometimes maybe you do not want to hear what people are speaking about in a foreign language .
In conclusion I would like to say that the learning of another language will always be important for today 's people and the next generation too , and in addition , the need to communicate in another language will increase .
Hi Maria José ,
I am writing to you in reference to the First Certificate exam .
It 'll be a pleasure to report that the tests were passed with flying colors . For that reason I am asking for your help .
You told me that you have a shared folder with some learning tools to help pass this exam .
I found a bilingual Spaniard ( with several international certificates and now he 's teaching in a bilingual school in Madrid ) .
Our idea is to talk at least twice a week .
I 'm afraid because I think that the next exam in March could be a bit soon , but if I could have a look at some tools I 'll be relaxed .
Also , I found some books on the internet with Cambridge 's exams .
Thank you for your attention .
I look forward to hearing from you soon .
Best wishes ,
Adrián Mares .
PS : Merry Christmas and a Happy New year !
With the process of globalization , people are eager to know about other countries more than ever .
In the past , most people considered a museum the best way to get to know an unfamiliar country .
However , the situation has already changed .
First , as technology has developed , we may find visiting museums is far from convenient .
People using new techniques have gradually become the majority .
The Online visiting is a good point in this case .
The Forbidden City , one of the most famous museums in China , has opened its online version to the public , which means people can visit the Forbidden City on the Internet instead of taking a time - consuming flight to Beijing where the museum locates .
It leads to an increasing number of people choosing to use the online museum .
On the other hand , needless to say , the limitation of a museum is that it can only store some pictures and paintings . It is far from an enjoyable visit when you can only see the picture 2 meters away and not touch it .
The scenery , the beauty of a mountain and river , can only be enjoyed when you travel there on youe own .
Once I visited a museum to find some pictures of cave painting in France , but when I went to France to see the real painting , I found it was more vivid and could show you how great the French cavemen who painted it were .
Admittedly , a museum has its own merits ; it is easy to find on a map and is always emphasized as a symbol of a country .
However , more often than not , the high price of the ticket for the museum can ruin the fun when you get to the coutry .
A documentary , a book about the culture is cheap and easy . We can consider it an economical method .
Visiting a museum is undoubtedly a good way to learn about a country , but not the best way anymore .
If you decide to find out some information about a totally unknown country , a museum is not a wise option .
The home of the future .
That sounds a little bit like the name of any sci - fi or horror .
But why ?
Will our houses look so terrible in 40 years ?
Will they fly in the sky ?
Or will they be made from iron and have a strong door and barred windows ?
Will we even go out on the street ?
But do n't panic . Let 's think rationally .
Technology will control our homes .
With technology we will clean our house , technology will protect us , we will spend our free time with technology .
In every room we will have a big screen , where we 'll be able to see where our children are and if everything 's OK .
Our fridge will tell us to buy fresh milk if there 's none left .
Our bed will tell us when to go to sleep .
I have only one question .
Will we live in that house alone ?
Do we need friends or family members if technology can take care of us ?
Machines can tell us lots of important information .
Does it mean that contact between people will disappear ?
I think it 's something nobody wants , but it could come true .
People use machines and robots because they do n't want to waste their time .
But maybe they could stop talking to each other , because it 's a waste of time , too .
I hope it will never happen .
Better live in a cottage .
16th December 2013
Writing task : Informal letter
Dear Jenny ,
How are you doing ?
As you know , I 'm planning to go to England to brush up on my English .
I would really appreciate it if you could give me a piece of advice about what course I should take .
I 'd like you to take into account the following requirements :
Firstly , my main goal is to improve my speaking and writing skills , as I do n't feel confident enough to do such tasks .
The selected college should be used to teaching these skills properly .
Secondly , I 'd like the college to be located not too far from accommodation if possible . I would n't like to spend too much time on public transport every day .
As far as accommodation is concerned , I 'd like bed and breakfast included in the price .
Finally , my overall budget is 900 pounds .
Would it be enough for a two - week course in England ?
If it 's not , please let me know .
Well , we 'll keep in touch and thank you very much for all your help .
Best regards
Juan
Summer camp is all about providing fun activities in a safe environment .
Working with kids makes fun and safety a high priority .
In my opinion , to be a suitable person for the summer camp job you should have qualifications to create fun activities and to keep kids safe .
Creating fun activities is an important role of summer camp workers .
As a father of three boys and one girl aged 7 - 10 years , I have the ability to create and perform fun activities .
In Last summer , my kids and I created a fun morning and afternoon program for our neighbors . We called it " multi - balls multi - fun " .
In the morning program , the kids enjoyed playing football , soccer ball , basketball and water ball .
The program included many competitive activities that were full of fun and cheerful .
In the afternoon , the kids enjoyed a multi - dance program that had different international dances .
The kids loved learning new dances and cultures .
Safety is a core component in the summer camps ' activities .
While designing fun activities , the camp workers have to take into account the safety level of those activities , the possible harm and the protection and treatment supplies that might be needed .
As a retired nurse , I have a high sense of safety and harm prevention .
I used to assess and treat many injured kids during my work day in many hospitals .
In addition , I have experience of providing basic , advanced life saving , and airway protection .
While these situations are rare , they need effective fast intervention to save kids ' lives .
In conclusion , I think providing fun in a safe environment is the main component of summer camp that each family is looking for . As a father and a nurse I have the ability to create the fun , to provide safe activities , and most important is my ability to intervene in emergency situations .
Foster Hollywood is an American restaurant in the center of Caceres .
It is a popular place .
The interior is spectacular because it is decorated like a Hollywood film .
The tables and the chairs are very beautiful because they are like in the American films but they are very uncomfortable .
The atmosphere is quiet and relaxed but it is always crowded .
The waiters are very friendly and helpful .
I love this restaurant because the food is really good . It is the tastiest food that I have eaten .
My favourite dishes are the " Nachos " and " Catarapi " , the second is a dish of spicy pasta , it is spectacular .
The service is very fast . I believe the people eat well and fast .
The price is a bit expensive , but it is a great place for lunch or dinner with friends .
I think this restaurant would be suitable for us because it is a great place for everyone , it is in the center and most importantly its food is really tasty .
So I always recommend going .
Yes .
We can get a lot of up - to - date information around the world through watching television .
There are many channels on TV , not only entertainment , but also technology , health , environment , weather forecast and news channel , etc .
So , it can really educate people .
News on TV tells us what is happening in the world .
Health channels give ways of living with a healthy lifestyle .
The weather forecast points out to prevent from violent storm , rain , snow , etc .
Discovery Channel is a knowledge bank and Animal Planet is very interesting .
Moreover , nowadays , many education channels are being developed to help students .
Mathematics , English and environmental knowledge quiz programs on TV aid the mental development of children .
We can also improve our moral attitude by watching discussions and speeches by outstanding leaders .
So , I think the advantages and disadvantages of TV mainly depend on the person watching .
We can make good use of time with TV and we can also waste time with some useless channels .
So , we need to try to get an equal balance between entertainment and education from TV .
By doing this , we can gain a bird 's eye view without much effort .
Dear Sir
I have seen your advertisement on the Internet and I am really interested in it .
I am a qualified educator and I have been working with children for five years .
Because of this , I have learnt many activities and games that I could use in your summer camp .
I have also taught English to Spanish pupils , so language will not be a problem .
Although I only know dishes from my country , I could learn more about your cuisine because cooking is one of my favourite hobbies .
I always work with a lot of children , so I have experience managing and organising groups .
About my personal characteristics , I am friendly and self - confident but I have another quality that children love : I am really creative . I can make costumes with not many materials , so they will enjoy dressing up a lot .
I usually do sports like tennis or running , but I am especially interested in having adventures , and I would like to have this one together .
I enclose my CV to complete the information .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Yours faithfully
Dear Jo ,
I am glad to have good news from you . It has been a whole year since the last time we talked .
I 'm so happy you have almost finished school and , of course , that you are coming to Colombia .
As I told you once , Colombia has a lot of amazing places where you can have fun , meet new people and learn all about our
culture .
It would be incredible if you started your trip in Cartagena , which is a Caribbean and tropical city .
It is so warm
and you can spend some quality time on the beach or walking in the old city .
Then you can go to Santa Marta , do some water sports , visit Taganga , where you can find the best shrips in the whole area .
After that , you should go to Medellín . At that time of the year they will be celebrating some traditional holidays .
So , you will be able to experience and watch all these amazing exotic flowers , to hear Colombian music and see traditional dances .
After that , you need to come to Bogotá . I will be happy to have you here .
I can show you the downtown , some of the most important museums , like " La Casa del oro " or The National Museum .
Then , we can go out for a party night in the west of the city .
To finish , if you want to , you can be an English tutor at my University for the whole time you stay in the city .
I can talk with my program 's director and try to get you the job .
Please write to me and tell me if you are interested .
Your friend ,
Laura
By the way , my boyfriend will finish a PhD program this summer :-) , and then he needs to do compulsory military service beginning 7th August for one year .
Fortunately , he is assigned to substitute services , so he does n't have to join the real army .
We think that it will be convenient for him to apply for a Postdoc position during his military service .
His ideal plan is that he will try to apply for a Postdoc position this fall or winter , and then he can work abroad after finishing military service ( August 2015 ) .
To take public transport or not , that is the question . Travelling by car is convenient , however , it
ignores the car congestion problems and the pollution because of CO2 .
Yet , for me , public transport is my
preference .
Public transport reduces the car congestion problems .
Since public transport decreases the number of people
going to work or travelling by car .
For example , taking the train from Taipei , a city in Taiwan , to Taoyuan in the New Year only takes half an hour in contrast to nearly two hours owing to the car congestion on the highway .
Besides , take the train instead of your car , you may make new friends , possibly , if you chat with others besides the seats .
Therefore , public transport is the best option for me .
In terms of protecting the environment , taking public transport may cut down the carbon emissions .
Because there are nearly 70 billion people in the world , if everyone traveled by car even the half , the pollution would be a burden on the world .
It is urgent timing to avoid the greenhouse effect that people should think about how to decrease the carbon emissions .
To be brief , taking public transport not only avoids congestion problems to save time but benefits mother nature 's future .
Admittedly , travelling by car has its merits , such as being more convenient to go anywhere we want , and we can enjoy time with family in a car .
Nevertheless , it causes a lot of problems and pollution .
For a better life and world , why not take public transport ?
Tom was so happy because he had finally won the prize .
He competed in a local motorcycle race and won the $ 5000 cash prize .
He did his best in this race .
Three consecutive years he had competed in the local race , but at most he had managed get second place .
This year he found a good trainer and 6 months ' training made him fully ready for this race .
He went to a coffee shop .
There he saw an old man who asked him for help .
The old man said to him " my son needs surgery today or he will die " .
Tom asked him the cost of the surgery .
The old man answered $ 20,000 .
Tom asked him about insurance and the old man said the insurance only paid 5,000 according to its commitment for this kind of disease .
Tom told him " I can give you $ 5000 but what can I do for the rest of the amount ?
He thought he should perform a show jumping over several wrecked cars , but it was too risky because he had not had any experience of that kind of show .
Moreover , he needed some people to advertise the show .
He talked to his trainer Jack and explained the problem .
Jack said , " I know someone who can do that but how will we organize the show ?
We need advertising and to find a suitable place for the show by 3 pm " .
Tom called his friends and asked them to advertise by any means they could and he also asked his trainer to talk to the owner of the race track .
It was 5 pm and so many people came to see the show .
Tom yelled : " ladies and gentlemen , please help us as much as you can because all of the income of this show is paying for the surgery of a sick boy " .
Tom sold all of the tickets quickly and earned enough money .
The old man became very excited and happy .
His son was cured and in the recovery room . Tom visited him and they became friends .
It was 10 pm when Tom arrived home .
Although it had been a very long and tiring day , Tom felt he had achieved something really good .
Short - term and enticing Russian loans are very attractive for Serbian politicians who are struggling with financial difficulties .
Because of the quicker effects , they are more lucrative for the elite than the long - term reforms required by the EU .
As an Orthodox and Slavic country which is yet to become a member of the EU and does not want to become a member of NATO , in a difficult economic situation with the public exposed to strong propaganda , Serbia is an easy target of Russia 's soft power .
People have been changing for ages and , at the same time , they have been building an astonishing history .
They have been thinking about what the world will look like , and with that thought , civilization was created .
Nowadays , we are in the same situation .
The future is one of the biggest questions for us .
Our curiosity is not restraining .
I want to give an example of what the Home of the Future will look like .
The first question is where our homes will be located .
Will it be Earth in general ?
There are a lot of places where people are building their houses . Perhaps we will be living under water ?
Many buildings , like skyscrapers suggest we will live in flats which exist above the ground , and that is not extraordinary , but how about whole cites prospering under the water with their own source of light which could replace the Sun ?
Likewise , something which could change is the materials with which we will build houses .
Our main goal should be creating homes with renewable materials which might be available to everyone and cheap .
That way of thinking could bring us a better world without homeless people .
Despite the fact that the visual aspect is the most important thing to most people , in my opinion , in this case , everything has been said and no new forms can be created .
To summarize , the Home of the Future will bring us not only a new kind of home , but also a new outlook on life .
Good morning , everyone !
Today I 'm going to introduce a book about nature that I 've read recently .
The book is called " Living Through a Natural Disaster " , written by Eve Recht .
The reason I chose this book was that it is really comprehensive in showing you that different parts of the world are suffering from disasters . For instance , Cyclone Tracy in Darwin , Australia , the Yellow River flood in China and a devastating drought in Central America , etc .
It concisely depicts the devastation and destruction caused by natural disasters .
The book is also very readable , not only introducing the disastrous effects of disasters but simply giving us an overview of handling natural disasters , so anyone can get to know the geographical phenomenon .
The most engaging and intriguing part of this book is about the people who live along the Yellow River , how they suffered from the flood and how they handled the devastation and found a better solution .
At the beginning , the Yellow River was always unleashing terrible floods that swept through towns , villages and farmland .
It became a mass killer and made people homeless .
People were forced to flee by boat because of the flood .
People living along the river wanted to prevent the flood coming again by building dykes .
However , it made the situation worse .
After days of heavy rain , the water level became dangerously high because the riverbed can not contain the water when it is out of its limitation .
The Yellow River overflows and the crops on the plains are ruined in some areas . Fortunately , the flood also makes the plains fertile and feeds millions of people .
While I was flicking through the pages , I let my imagination run wild with the story .
Let 's think about how we treated our mother nature before .
Now , she is extremely angry because human beings did something to really hurt her .
After all , she is very kind - hearted and always helps us to have a good life .
Even though mother nature is complicated sometimes , she will give us a light of hope .
She never just shuts one door , but she also opens another one .
According to what Charles Dickens said , " it was the best of times " , because people can get rewards from nature and get a better life because of the fertile land which can feed us .
However , " it was the worst of times " also .
People will continue to suffer dangerous floods and there will be no end after many years unless the government take effective action to stop flooding .
It is hard for people living in devastating surroundings .
The Yellow River is a combination of history and modernization .
It carries a lot of memories from the past to now , whether it is cruel to people or not .
Reading this book is like unwrapping a present which is packed in layers of sheets .
My heart grieved at every word portraying the suffering of the people along the Yellow River .
Meanwhile , a surge of sympathy and despair overwhelmed me with lots of thought - provoking words .
I sincerely recommend this book to anybody who wants to broaden their horizons and know more than they already know .
That 's all for my presentation today .
Thank you for listening !
I agree with the idea that sporting events can be necessary for international relations and national unity .
In this essay , I will think about the effects of these popular sporting events .
The World Cup , the Olympics and other international games work to ease tensions between different nations .
For example , North and South Korea are two countries who are against each other , but every year they still have a friendly football match .
During that time , the fans and the players are the same harmony in unity and friendship .
The fans shout , they even cry together .
Sports events are opportunities to strengthen the friendship between nations .
On the other hand , some sports matches can make international relations worse .
Sometimes sports games are full of tensions .
Patriotic emotions explode in an aggressive way .
For example , during the semi - final first leg AFF Cup 2014 between Vietnam and Malaysia , the players played quite violently , and the supporters of the two teams were very tense .
Even after the end of the match , assaults occurred between supporters of the two teams .
I think that international sporting occasions can be one of the best ways to ease tensions or to release patriotism safely .
However , I believe that games can not be fundamental ways for sound patriotism or peaceful international relations .
I am very interested in this management trainee - marketing position with your corporation , and believe that my education and employment background are appropriate for the position .
During my tenure at the University of Economics and Law , I have noticed my growing interest in marketing and public relations .
Last month , I did an internship at the Hoan My Medical Corporation in Ho Chi Minh City .
My position involved developing marketing content on the web pages and slideshows publicizing the success of the company 's events .
I was able to utilize my marketing skills to assist the organization in their goal to promote SEO .
The marketing department also gave me the responsibility of publicizing events via Facebook .
I believe that my experience in marketing and my interpersonal skills make me a prime candidate for this position . I am a diligent worker , and passionate about my work . I will be a valuable asset to your company and will use this as an opportunity to grow and further the development of my marketing skill set .
Thank you very much for considering my application for candidacy .
I will follow up within a week to confirm that all of my materials were received and hopefully to arrange an interview time .
People 's lives will change dramatically in the next 50 years .
If we watch how society is going nowadays , we notice some aspects that make us think about the human condition .
First of all , we can define ourselves as " slaves of technology " , because now we all have a telephone that has lots of functions and that turns us away from real life .
This can be seen with teenagers , who seem to prefer to talk by telephone than " face to face " , and also in children , who prefer playing with video games on their own to going to the park .
In my opinion , the obsession with business transforms society into a ring inside which every man is against his friend only for the sake of an excellent career .
The last point that has changed people 's lives is the tendency to have the same thoughts or the same goods .
In this way , everyone is the perfect copy of someone else and originality or a creative mind is considered as something bad .
There are also positive aspects . For example , there is progress in the area of medicine or in the use of eco - resources .
Will people 's lives change again ?
Yes , they will , and I hope that we will improve our thoughts and we will have the consciousness that we are not " supreme " and that we will never have the right to imposing us in the world .
Nowadays , it is possible to listen to various types of music .
What is the reason for making music necessary for us ?
Is national music more important than foreign music , which is heard all over the world ?
Taking acceptance the strength of music , it is hard to imagine human life without it . "
Music is nutrition for our souls " it says in the popular proverb .
Therefore , we can feel the enormous role of music in our lives .
To my mind , the beauty of music does not depend on its varieties .
People enjoy it and do not think about its genre .
For example , there are various music competitions Eurovision Song Contest which are organized in many countries .
People from almost all over the world attend to participate in it .
Being at the core of the culture of a country , it influences national reputation .
For instance , in our country , music consists of two main parts : Mougam and Folk music , which have been gaining popularity in all regions of the world since they began .
However , modern music is not always acceptable to different people .
Despite the fact that it is held by the majority of countries .
To take account that it has been improving day by day , we can notice the appearance of very exotic and amazing mixtures of modern and national music in almost every country .
Most countries enjoy such intertwining that could be considered as a new type of music .
This process makes people closer to each other , encouraging them to cooperate and become friends .
To sum up , it is necessary to point out that there is not any negativity or perfection of national or modern music at all .
It is essential to treasure music as one of the significant kinds of art .
Anna knew that it was going to be a very special day for her .
But to begin with , for a long time Anna was n't popular at school .
She preferred books , quiet places and that kind of thing , which was boring to the elite in our school .
She was always the best student in the class or even in the school a couple times .
She was very focused on learning .
She had a dream to be a lawyer and wanted to help innocent people .
She was always involved with school trips connected with political places like courts or government .
One day , she decided to abandon all of these things and get started on something completely different .
She forgot about books .
Unfashionable clothes turned into fashionable dresses .
Anna became a model !
She became really popular in school , everyone wanted to spend time with her .
She is pretty , smart and so nice to everyone .
And for now , she is one of the most popular models in the world , not only in the school .
The day when Anna decided to be a model was the most important in her life .
Dear Jo ,
I 'm very happy to read your letter and that you are coming to my beautiful country .
I think that Spain is an incredible country since it has all kinds of landscapes : mountains , beaches , lakes , and you can enjoy adventure activities , for example , trekking routes , climbing , bungee jumping , surfing ... You can do different kinds of tourism depending on the city where you want to go .
First of all , I would like to talk about Extremadura .
Extremadura is in the West of Spain and it has good weather all year .
However , I recommend travelling to Extremadura in spring or autumn because in summer it is too hot .
In Extremadura , you can enjoy the environment and you can walk across the famous Monfragüe National Park or Tajo - International Natural Park .
In addition , you can swim in the cold water of Los Pilones ( I recommend this place because it is an incredible and quiet place and I love it ) or small natural lakes in the North of Extremadura .
Also , Extremadura has many towns and cities with impressive ancient neighbourhoods , for instance , Cáceres , Mérida , Trujillo , Guadalupe , Alcántara ...
Other places that I would recommend are : the towns of the South of Andalucia , which have clean beaches , cold water and good leisure facilities , with many restaurants , shops , parks , zoos , aquatic parks ...
On the other hand , near the Mediterranean Sea there are a lot of towns with fantastic beaches where the water is very clean and warm .
In particular , I recommend you to go to the Baleares Islands .
However , if you want to go there , you must fly or go by ship .
In addition , you could visit the North of Spain since it is very beautiful with marvelous landscapes and beaches .
In the North of Spain , the weather is colder than the rest of the country . For this reason , the water at the beaches is very cold and it is very difficult to swim there .
However , you must go and discover these unforgettable places .
You say in the letter that you want to work for three months . I think that you could try looking for a waiter job in the towns with beaches during the summer months .
It is easier to find a job at the beach than to find one in the centre of Spain .
I 'm looking forward to seeing you .
Best wishes .
Bea
Yesterday , Tom woke up at 7 o'clock in the morning as he usually does .
He took breakfast with his father , who took him to school , as he always did .
That morning , he had math , and after that , he had a science class .
The first one was very boring for him because he was very tired and he was n't listening to everything that the teacher was saying .
Tom loves asking himself questions about life and thinks that science class is the only thing that can answer his questions .
Those questions are : where do we come from and how ?
And many more .
When the time for science class arrived , he felt really excited because John , the science teacher , told them that he was going to explain to them a very interesting thing .
It was about what problems we are going to have in a few years if we do n't change anything related to polluting our environment .
John talked about the serious problems caused by not recycling things like plastic bags , bottles … that end up floating in the sea because humans do n't take care of their environment , and all this is causing loads of aquatic animals to die .
When Tom arrived home , he talked to his family about what he had learned in science class and persuaded his parents to start recycling .
It had been a very long and tiring day , but Tom felt he had achieved something really good .
We worked with Nikita for 1 year during my account management of Enter .
As AC category manager , Nikita demonstrated in - depth knowledge of the AC market , a high level of negotiating skills , and a professional attitude to everything he did .
Nikita has shared with me his understanding of e - retail , analysis of sales channels , product strategy in online and offline mix .
His advice helped me to increase the sales of our main e - retail partners .
Nikita has superior communication skills , a positive mindset , and is highly approachable .
I 'm completely confident in recommending Nikita as an experienced Product Manager .
Dear Madam / Sir ,
My name is Marco Bruno .
This is to apply for the position advertised concerning the USA SUMMER CAMPS .
I am Italian and 30 years old .
Due to my background , I believe myself to be the ideal person for the above - mentioned job .
I have been working with children since I was aged 16 .
I have been involved in summer camps with children from different backgrounds and with diverse needs .
In particular , I have been dealing with children with disabilities for 10 years .
This experience has been an eye - opener for me .
I had the chance to be introduced to a different world and I started looking at everyday life through different eyes .
Children can indeed teach you a lot , being able to express their feelings with the spontaneity that adults often lack .
A few years ago , I also had the chance to work for 1 year in a school for disabled children and young people in a rural area of Ghana .
It was impressive to see the strength shown by those children .
Being raised in an environment where personal autonomy is the core , children with disabilities were growing up very independent and strong , despite all the challenges they could face along the way .
During the year in Ghana , I was part of a team of volunteers working with children .
After consulting some children 's representatives , we organized Olympic games for the children attending the schools of the area .
You do not need much to make children happy and let them enjoy the positive energy given by sane sports competition .
As volunteers , we also helped the cooks of the schools in the kitchen and in the dining room .
Moreover , I had the chance to share with them the recipe for Italian pizza .
Since they were already baking bread , they quickly learned how to make a delicious pizza as well .
In conclusion , I believe myself to meet the requirements of the job and I kindly ask you to consider me for it .
My experience with children of different ages and countries makes me a suitable person for the position advertised by your esteemed company .
Thank you in advance .
Yours faithfully ,
Marco Bruno
TENNIS AND NOTHING ELSE
WHY TENNIS ?
There seems to be nothing better , nothing more interesting , exhilarating , breathtaking or stunning than taking up this sport .
It ca n't be compared to anything else if it comes to all the emotions and feelings which are connected with playing tennis .
Being on the court is fun , gives me a feeling of fulfilment .
PREPARING FOR THE GAME
Not everybody knows how much devotion and determination is required to be a good player .
You just have to work your fingers to the bone , but it 's definitely worth it .
It 's also not said but tennis is one of the sports which causes an enormous amount of injuries , so it 's necessary to be under the constant supervision of your doctor !
Despite all the obstacles , I would n't swap this hobby for anything else .
The amount of pleasure I can get is simply incomparable to anything else .
ADVICE AND RECOMMENDATIONS
If I were to start my new sports career , I would choose good medical care at first .
Maybe it 's not a vital part of being a well known sportsman , but it 's important when you want to work something off during your career .
The second thing is the quality of the equipment .
There are a lot of bargains and cheap items on the market , which very often catch our eye , but I definitely want to warn you against them !
Do n't be mean , and spend as much money as is needed .
I hope that you wo n't hesitate any more and that you start playing tennis right now !
The Home of the Future - in what ways will homes be different in the future and in what ways will they be the same ? I think that is many reasons to consider both of this options .
In terms of differences is that this houses will be modern , more secure , economical .
Most of the furnishings will be machines and domestic activities will be done for us .
However , they will lose the atmosphere of houses with antique furniture and interior which create a unique and homely atmosphere .
What will be the same ?
Surely the people who will live in the House of the Future .
Everything is going forward , so everything will be changed .
When I first watched the game between Green Bay Packers and Detroit Lions I was stuck .
It seemed like a bunch of armed men were trying to beat each other .
Nothing else .
And suddenly there 's a ball .
And one lucky receiver tries to deliver it to the end zone .
First of all , it 's a man 's sport , simple and at the same time complicated .
I think it 's the best sport to watch in the whole world .
Being a fan of an NFL team is a very special experience .
It 's a great show , by the way .
If you enter the world of NFL brutality , rivalry and love , you should know that you will stay there forever .
If you plan to play this game , you definitely should be an outstanding athlete . You should understand the " pros " and " cons " of every move you make on the field .
And , of course , you should be a team player .
As they say " There 's no I in " team " , but there 's an " I " in win " .
So , it is what it is .
I 'm a friendly , open - minded and quite easy - going guy who lives in one of the most beautiful cities in Russia - St. Petersburg .
I love my city and I love to travel , try new things , socialize and experience new cultures .
Working as an IT engineer , I can afford 2 - 4 short trips per year , and I always take this opportunity .
I can show you cool places off the beaten track in my hometown .
Since I have a full - time job , I could join you at weekends .
I would like to make new friends all over the world and have a great time together .
I can share my knowledge of Finland and other countries .
I would like to help people in the best way I can .
I would like to learn from others about the world , people , cultures and languages and share this knowledge with others and be helpful in return :)
Dear Mr. Hooper ,
Introduction
the aim of this report is the desciption of the shopping facilities in my home town - Vienna .
Vienna is the capital of Austria and located in its east .
Findings
Vienna has a lot of great shopping areas , and that is why I am going to focus on the three most popular places .
Conclusions
I would like to start off with one of the most well - known malls , called " Donauzentrum " .
It is situated in Kagran and can be easily reached by subway .
It contains about 60 shops .
The mall is linked to an entertainment section , called " Donauplex " .
The entertainment section stays open after the mall closes .
There you can find a cinema , some restaurants and bars .
In the countryside , you can find a recently built mall named " G3 " .
I would recommend you to go there by car .
It contains nearly the same shops as the " Donauzentrum " and several restaurants and cafés .
The " Mariahilferstraße " is the perfect place for people that want to avoid overcrowded malls .
This street is one of the most popular shopping streets in Vienna .
Even the most illustrious shops can be found there .
It is not only worthwhile visiting the street by day , but also by night .
As well as the shops , some nice bars and restaurants can be found .
Recommendations
To avoid losing the track , I am going to give a review .
Especially on a rainy afternoon , the " Donauzentrum " and " G3 " are the perfect way to spend your day .
For people who prefer spending their time in the outdoors , I would recommend a visit to the " Maria Hilfer Straße " .
Yours sincerely ,
James Mehler
Good morning ,
I 've just read your advertisement for the USA SUMMER CAMPS , and I 'm really interested in it .
I 'm a 17-year - old Italian student . I have a B1/2 level English . I 'm cheerful and hard working .
I 'm also a volunteer for the Red Cross , so I 'm used to looking after children and organising all kinds of events .
I think I 'm suitable for any work because I 'm sporty and sociable and , above all , I think I have enough willpower to manage and carry out any work you choose to give me .
Does the accommodation belong to the summer camp structure ?
Or is it just near there ?
As I live in Milan , I hope you will answer soon , so , that if I have positive feedback , I 'll have enough time to book the flight ticket .
Thank you so much for your attention ,
Monica Conti
I live in a village on the outskirts of Milan .
I 'm happy living here because the air is clean and fresh and we have no problems with rubbish .
Every house has a place to put all the rubbish and people come every day to pick up the trash .
We do the collection , to recycle as many things as possible .
All the buildings here have been built to respect the environment . In fact , every house has photovoltaic panels on the roof .
These panels are used to harness the light of the sun to produce electricity .
The first Sunday of every month , a group of volunteers goes to the parks of the village to clean it and to cut the grass .
I always participate in these events because I love the environment and I 'd like to keep my village clean .
Italy is famous for its typical food and rich culture of arts and history .
We all know that the Roman Empire affected Italian culture and history a lot . In fact , if you want to go on a tour around the most beautiful cities in the country , you should definitely go to Florence , Venice , Naples and many others .
You will be able to see ancient and modern buildings such as theatres , churches , cathedrals and civic buildings built by the most famous artists in the entire world !
Cities are full of museums where tourists can see all the customs and traditions that have characterized Italian culture .
They will not only see one type of history but many because Italy , for many centuries , had an important function for trade and commerce .
That 's why Italy is such an interesting and historical country .
Dear Mathew ,
Hi !
How are you ?
Thank you for your letter !
It was so nice to hear from you again !
In your letter you asked me for advice .
So , I think that both hobbies have their advantages and disadvantages .
If I were you , I would give up sport , because I think that music classes can help you to impress a girl .
But , on the other hand , sport helps you to keep your muscles in tone .
But you know , the decision is yours and I can just somehow have an effect on it .
Sorry , I need to go and wash my raccoon , he is very dirty after a walk .
Hope to hear from you soon .
Best wishes ,
Sasha
Many people feel that learning English , especially in ' England ' or in ' the USA ' , is better than learning that in a country that does not have English as its mother tongue .
For instance , in Peru everybody speaks Spanish , so you are not accustomed to the language .
The advantages of learning English abroad are the daily practice which you should have if you are in an English - speaking country and all the people who you get to know from all over the world .
One argument in favour of this idea is that Peruvian people who learn English for a short period and then travel abroad show an improvement in just one or two months .
However , the disadvantages are that you do not know how to behave in another culture .
And it is difficult to change your everyday routine .
Also , you can suffer from jet - lag if you travel a long distance .
In conclusion , I am of the opinion that people ought to study abroad if they have the opportunity , because apart from your lessons , you can interact with native people and learn common phrases .
Anna knew that it was going to be a very special day for her .
She knew that her eighteenth birthday was approaching and she would spend it and all the preceding week with her friends in Spain .
They were to fly next Monday and come back next Sunday .
Her birthday was on Friday and they all wanted to go to the greatest club in Barcelona that night to have some fun .
The other girls left earlier because they were preparing something special for her .
But before she went to the club , she was invited for a drink with a lifesaver from the hotel 's pool .
Then the people from the hotel saw her the for last time .
She did not appear at the club , and she did not come to the hotel on the following days .
Her friends came back to their country , but Anna is still missing .
Her parents and her sister are still looking for her .
If you want to meet a stranger , do not leave your friends or family without knowledge of where you want to go and who with .
It 's only for your safety .
People travel less on public transport these days .
Many think that public transport is going to end .
I believe that it is true , because people are more concerned about their privacy and the time it takes to travel by public transport .
In this essay , these concerns are studied carefully .
A private vehicle offers more privacy than public transport .
A breast feeding woman can feed her baby in the car without worrying about her privacy .
For example , if she is sitting on a bus , she could n't feed her child because people sitting in the nearby seats may stare at her .
On a hot day , a lady ca n't remove her coat to reduce body heat .
For example , a lady travels on a bus , and if she removes her coat everybody will look at her and probably tease her , but in her car she can do whatever she wants .
Hence , private vehicles give enough privacy and comfort for a family .
Public transport may take more time to travel and has more a rigid schedule than private vehicles .
A car can be driven very fast in order to reduce the time taken to travel .
If a person is going for an interview for a job , punctuality is a must . Hence , he can drive his car fast or can go earlier in his car to get there early .
But he could not travel very fast on a bus in order to reach his destination very quickly .
Because public transport has a fixed timetable .
Hence , public transport takes more time to travel .
In conclusion , use of public transportation is decreasing day by day .
People are getting anxious about their privacy and the travel time .
In order to boost the use of public transport , the government or the governing body should consider these factors and must find a solution to these problems .
We almost forget about those days before the Internet arrived .
Technology has changed us much faster and more dramatically than we used to think .
We had to carry a map for our adventure 10 years ago .
Nowadays , all we need is a fully charged smartphone with the Google Map application .
In the past , people could only make a purchase from a store by themselves , now we can browse almost hundreds of goods online and buy them via a simple click .
Because of this tremendous outcome , I believe that our lives will change dramatically in the next 50 years , with greater extension to every aspect of our lives .
In my imagination , the future will be more messy and crowded with fewer species of creature but more of us , human beings .
We will face more serious problems of global warming and other awful environmental damage .
Some countries will be submerged entirely under the sea , some will survive , and there will be less space for an increasing population .
Fortunately , the most outstanding scientists will solve the energy crisis and will find ways to create new lands for living , to clean air for breathing , and to purify water and food for supply .
Other than the situation I mentioned above , we will have our memories and knowledge being replicated in the form of digital data .
We can access all the knowledge from the Internet as we need it .
If we have dementia ( a steady degenerative disease of our brains ) , we can take back our lost memories from the backup system of online " Big Cloud " memories .
No longer do we suffer studying foreign languages as our eyes are capable of translating to the language we know through a link to the huge online database .
Also , we can change our emotions by releasing some invisible chemicals which can trigger off reactions in our brains .
We can experience the most extraordinary dreams without harmful effects on our personalities .
Moreover , our clothing will be able to change colours and patterns or even physical functions corresponding to the changing environments or simply in response to our specific commands .
However , the more we feel comfortable , the more the damage to our intellect .
We do n't have to think too much about almost anything , needing no person for company since we have all these distracting devices for entertainment and relaxation .
The distance between people will increase dramatically until we finally wake up from all of this unrealistic convenience we have .
It sounds like a scary science fiction scenario , but it may happen if we keep pursuing only material wealth .
The most important thing is to set a right course for our future .
We have a lot of problems waiting to be solved .
For example , saving the endangered wildlife and the scarce fish in the sea is much more important than those inventions which only make our lives more convenient .
Time - saving and convenience are admittedly considered two essential values of modern lives .
Nonetheless , we have to confront the truth that resources from all over the world are distributed unfairly .
The top 50 richest in the world hold most of the power to control the direction of our future .
PLANE , TRAIN OR BOAT ?
Currently there are many means of transport , but if we talk about long distances , trains , planes and boats remain the most popular .
Which of these is better ?
We may think that depends on how you like to travel , as they all have their advantages and disadvantages .
When you travel by land , train is one of the best options .
However , you ca n't travel by train when you want to cross the sea .
But personally , my favorite way to travel is by plane .
It is faster than the other two , it is not difficult to travel on it and it is quite comfortable .
Also , you can travel to different places and longer distances , whereas while boating , for example , you can only travel to places where there is a connection to the sea .
In short , the plane is one of the best options for doing it .
Dear Jo ,
I 'm really glad to know about your future plans . I definitely think that this year of travelling and exploring will be a great way to grow up and meet new people from different cultures .
If I have the opportunity to help you with your planning , please have no doubt that I will certainly do so .
Firstly , I strongly recommend you to visit the main capital , which is full of marvellous historical and cultural sites , such as museums , art galleries , monuments and churches .
If , at some point , you are fed up with art and culture , the city offers you a lot of leisure facilities such as concerts , exhibitions , festivals and so on !
From the main capital you can easily travel by train or plane and reach in a few hours all the major cities both in the north and in the south of the country .
As you will arrive during the summer , you should then have a vacation in the south , where the beaches are breathtaking , with such clean water and long golden shores .
In connection with your desire to find a job , you should try to find a temporary job in the tourism field : as you wrote , you 're searching for a job for a month and I reckon that a seasonal job for the summer would perfectly meet your expectations .
By the way , a friend of mine runs an hotel in a seaside resort and I know that he was looking for an English native speaker who could help him with his foreign guests .
If you are interested , I could give you his phone number and e - mail so that you two can speak about the matter and maybe reach an agreement .
My statement to apply to a university
My name is Najla Bitar . I am from Iraq .
I graduated from AL - mustansiria University / College of Arts / Department of Translation in 1998 .
I started working for the Ministry of Oil as senior translator in 2000 .
My country 's history inspired me all my life . The important role that my city ( Baghdad ) played in the history of education and translation especially affects the history of human civilization .
Which inspired me to study translation , which considers science and art at the same time .
I pursued my life 's dream of higher education by searching for the best universities in the UK .
I found your Translation and Interpretation program for a master 's degree meets my requirements and needs .
Since my graduation , I have acquired broad experience in translation .
After my graduation ,
I spent two years translating hundreds of essays in different fields for higher education students .
In 2000 ,
I worked in the OIL MINISTRY 's central library on foreign scientific books which mainly concerned the petroleum field .
This gives me broad knowledge of petroleum jargon which opens endless horizons of experience and of how to work on developing my knowledge and skills .
My enriched experience in the English language and my knowledge of petroleum expressions qualified me to work in the Training and Developing Directorate mainly in training abroad .
I did many important translations for training manuals and petroleum institutions student description .
In addition , the higher administration in the Training & Development Directorate selected me to join a focal committee to build up a competency system for petroleum staff in cooperation with the British government .
I attended many training courses in different fields like computers , human resources , and English language that were held in Baghdad , at the British Council in Amman and the last one was in London at luminous language solution .
I did the IELTS exam twice and scored ( 5.5 ) .
In spite of that , I did not give up .
I want to study at your university in the pre - sessional courses to meet your standard in English language .
All the above - mentioned crystallized my ambition to continue higher education at a respected university .
I want to specialize in translation concerned with the petroleum sector .
It goes without saying that I am from a petroleum country and I want to work in OPEC as a representative of my country and enhance the Ministry of Oil 's translation staff with highly educated translators .
I plan to help the freshman translators in the Ministry to further their career under my supervision by coaching and mentoring them .
I am sure that you will help me to realize my dream by giving me the right direction to make my dream come true .
First you should visit sights like the churches and cathedrals , then move to the town centre and go through the town park .
There you will find beautiful countryside and gorgeous swans , which stay there for the whole year .
I can recommend you visit the library .
It 's quite an architecturally important building , I think , plus there are about a million books , so you can learn something new about our culture .
There are also good pubs and restaurants .
There is a pub called Richard 's . You can easily find it because it 's a huge green building just next to the library .
There you can taste our national cuisine but their international cuisine is also tasty .
Just do not order the pancakes , because they do really bad pancakes .
If I were you I would order the shots of alcohol because there is a toy train which will deliver the shots to you .
You can also go to a club .
There are some clubs in the town : the A 's and the Subway , which are in the centre , and the Barrel , which is on the outskirts of the town .
I go to the A 's quite often , about once per month , but I have never been to the Barrel so I ca n't tell you what it is like .
So if you go to the A 's you will find it by the lights .
In front of the building are enormous reflectors which shine into the darkness .
Not far from the town lies the zoo .
You definitely have to visit it .
There are about a thousand animals and in the middle of it is a gorgeous castle .
Charles Dickens and Emily Bronte were both Victorian writers .
Their novels have a lot in common : first of all , the plot is usually pretty complex ( as we can see in David Copperfield by Dickens and Wuthering Heights by E. Bronte ) , and so are the characters , who are always well described , especially on a psychological level . Furthermore , both the authors included in their works the figure of the noble who helps the hopeless child who comes from a lower class .
There is also a lot in contrast . Most evident is the difference between the settings : Dickens prefers industrial cities , while Bronte prefers rural villages , and these choices reflect different topics , . In fact , Dickens mostly deals with themes like exploited childhood , the miserable conditions of the lower classes and the bad consequences of industrialisation , In contrast , Emily Bronte is more concerned about the theme of respectability , even if her female heroines do not reflect Victorian values such as chastity and prudery .
Then we can notice that the narrators of the novels have different roles : Dickens 's narrator is omniscient ; Bronte 's one is part of the story itself and can change , revealing other characters ' perspectives .
We feel happier during a conversation when someone has a good sense of humor .
Some people argue that a good sense of humor is not one of the most important human qualities .
However , others disagree with this .
This is because people who have a good sense of humor can bring joy to others .
Also , people can have a good relationship when they have a good sense of humor .
Moreover , people can use their humor to overcome some difficult issues .
I would like to provide examples to illustrate my thesis .
First , people who have a good sense of humor can make others laugh .
Moreover , we can feel happy easily .
For example , my friend , Jane , tells lots of jokes to make us laugh out loud .
We like to talk to her because she can always bring us happiness .
Also , we can forget lots of annoying things related to our work .
Consequently , we feel happy so easily because my friend has a good sense of humor .
Second , people can make friends more easily when they have a good sense of humor .
For instance , my mother always has lots of new ideas , and she likes to tell people in a funny way .
Also , after people talk to her , they always want to talk to my mother again and are eager to be her friend .
In this case , people who have a good sense of humor can make friends easily .
Third , sometimes a person who has a good sense of humor can help others to overcome some difficult issues .
To illustrate , my nephew did not get a great score in his test .
His mother told him that he did a great job because he studied so hard .
Also , his mother told him he would do better next time .
My nephew had courage after his mother talked to him .
Later on , he got a great score in his test .
To sum up , people who have a good sense of humor can bring people happiness .
Also , people can have a good relationship with their humor .
Furthermore , sometimes people with a sense of humor can help others to conquer difficult issues .
In the trend of globalization today , the success or failure of a business depends on many different factors .
Perfect product , good manager , and great marketing are the three key elements to success in business .
First of all , the products that are manufactured must meet the requirements of customers perfectly .
Companies need to create a new product in a variety of designs , styles , types , sizes and colors , but still ensure high quality .
In addition , good products with reasonable prices will always attract the attention of customers .
The price of each kind of product must be suitable for consumers that the business is targeting .
For example , workers with an average income would not choose to buy luxury goods for the rich or for those with high incomes .
Second , the management of business leaders plays an important role in the success of the company 's business .
The head of the enterprise must have the knowledge and experience to make the right and reasonable decisions .
The leader of the business must also have a way of handling active and innovative work to save time and money .
Himselves of leader must have discipline , know working on time , and know how to create a group - working consensus , seriously .
Finally , great marketing is a necessary measure in order to succeed in business .
Marketing 's job is to deliver content to customers so that they learn more about the company and the products and services , in order to increase their advantage in the consumption of goods and increase profits .
Companies can create a site dedicated to introducing the value of the products , prices and service deals .
In addition , an enterprise may do marketing through advertising , newspapers ... it is important to listen to feedback from customers to understand and supply what they need .
Business is not easy work and success in business is very difficult .
Good products with reasonable prices , a good manager with strong leadership and an excellent marketing plan are the factors that lead to success in business .
Importance of outdoor games
As we know , every person wants to achieve success in their lives .
For this , they must lead a healthy life .
Outdoor games are made just for this purpose . That is , to make a person healthier .
In ancient times , every child loved to play games outside their homes and they were stronger than children in today 's world .
There are many games that children can play , like cricket , badminton , football etc .
Our world 's great scientists have invented the internet to solve various distant problems .
Students have started to forget their physical games and get stuck in this internet world . They are spending so much time on using the internet and they engage in only meaningless gossip on social networking websites .
If they want to use it , they should try to focus on getting important information which is beneficial to improving their knowledge .
Using the internet in the wrong way may affect their studies and health as well .
By playing physical games , they will not only improve their health but they can also gain concentration .
They should try to understand the importance of physical games and also play them regularly .
Dear Manager of the Summer Camp , USA ,
I am writing to you to ask if I may be considered for a place on your program .
I have all the characteristics which you require and , so , am an ideal person for the job .
Firstly , you should choose me because I can speak English very fluently .
I 've taught at many schools , including primary , so I have a good understanding of children .
As I 've also run the marathon three times and play in the local netball team , I am quite energetic , plus , I 'm also hardworking , as I try my best to achieve my ambition .
I 'm very cheerful and I rarely lose my temper .
I become especially happy when I 'm with children !
Also , I 'm a good cook ; at one school I taught at , we made cheese and pepperoni pizzas !
As a result , I am also organised .
I am always punctual . I 'll be good at preparing all the events as I am , as I already told you , organised .
Finally , to conclude my letter , I just want to say : Please choose me !
I will make summer camp a much better place to be !
Kind Regards
Jeyatharini Deshpande
Dear Jo ,
I am so glad that you would like to come to my country .
My
country , Indonesia , is full of natural attractions .
It is an archipelago , so there are definitely many tourist spots here .
Beaches , islands , culture , and cuisine are the common interests to explore here .
If you would like to see wonderful beaches , you should come to Bali , Lombok , Sulawesi or Irian Jaya island .
If I can say , the beaches on those islands are more beautiful and natural than in Java .
You could travel by plane from Jakarta to Bali or by train from Jakarta to Surabaya , so you can take a plane from Surabaya to Bali .
If you choose to travel by plane from Jakarta to Bali , the trip will be much shorter , taking only two hours .
If you plan to enjoy your trip amongst the fresh green landscape of Java island , you should travel by train .
It takes almost 15 hours , but you can have views of villages during the trip .
Basically , I like to travel by train to enjoy the view along the railway track .
Also , you can interact for longer with other passengers , especially native Indonesians , just in case you need to find out more about Indonesia as you would like to get a temporary job here .
Indonesian people are famous for their friendliness , so you could start a conversation with them to ask anything about Indonesia ; they will answer your questions with pleasure .
Here are a few tips for starting a conversation with Indonesians : an Indonesian person will respond to a smile with a smile , so you can start with that . Not all Indonesians speak English , but most students can speak English .
I suggest you choose college students , because they are more familiar with English . Besides , they will welcome you with pleasure to practise their English skills . When you use public transportation , you can ask for the information you need from the official employee in the station or from students for the same reason ; not many Indonesians speak English .
Bali is the most famous Indonesian island for foreign people . Many of them even know Bali but not Indonesia .
Lombok , Sumbawa , Sulawesi and Irian Jaya islands have very beautiful beaches as well .
The tourism service in Bali and Lombok is better than on the other islands mentioned above , but other islands are more challenging and natural .
If you like hiking , you could explore the mountains in Java : Semeru , Ranu Kumbolo , Bromo , etc .
Joining a community of hiking students could be useful , because they will be pleasant free guides for you . This trick is more effective for the budget for your trip .
Another way , you could use an agency to get a guide , but it is not free , you have to meet the cost of the service .
It can be a little bit difficult to find a temporary job here , unless you have got any connections with agencies or local people .
Teaching English is a common job for foreign people . Moreover , foreign teachers are more popular than local teachers .
I hope my advice will be useful for your trip to Indonesia .
It is true that the scale of current weddings is larger and more luxurious than in the past .
There are some reasons for this situation .
Personally , I think this development has both positive and negative sides .
Thanks to increasing living standards , people are able to afford a bigger and more expensive wedding .
If , in the past , they just held weddings at home to save money , now they tend to choose restaurants and hotels instead .
Secondly , it is likely that , nowadays , people focus more on appearance , so a luxurious and elegant wedding is an opportunity for them to show off .
It lets people know that they are important or powerful .
Finally , people have more relationships in life as well as in business .
Therefore , the number of guests invited to the wedding is much greater than in previous times .
A bigger wedding is required to meet this change .
Obviously , expensive and larger weddings have some benefits .
It is a special chance to bring people together .
As a result , more new relationships are created , people get more chance to co - ordinate in business and help each other in life .
Those who lose contact for a long time can exchange current information and keep in touch again .
Furthermore , modern weddings bring people new experiences of food , lifestyle and cultural exchange .
However , there are also some drawbacks it brings about .
These big and expensive weddings waste a lot of money and time on preparation .
Grooms , brides and their parents usually have to book a restaurant , a hotel , invite a singer and a famous master of ceremonies to make the wedding serious .
Instead of that , this amount of money could help the couple buy a house or car for their new life .
Last but not least , in some cases , only for the sake of showing off , many couples , after getting married , have to work hard to earn money to pay the debt of wedding costs .
To conclude , marriage is a landmark for an individual .
However , a wedding on a reasonable scale would both satisfy the guests and reduce the burden on the couple and their families .
It was a trip I 'll never forget .
At first , when the ski lift rose up to the station , I was terrified , as I was suspended above the ground .
Some days before , we had decided to organize an excursion to a nature trail nearby . As soon as we arrived at the railway station , we were so fascinated by what surrounded us that we walked for three hours along a path , Suddenly , our surroundings appeared to be far wilder than they had been before , so we stopped trekking and we had a look at our map .
Only then did we realize we had lost our way . We had not been paying attention to our path . The only thing we could do was to go back .
As we were going back to the ski lift , we heard a strange noise which was coming from the bushes behind us .
We immediately turned towards the bushes . We were worried , as we had heard on the radio that a bear might live there .
Fortunately , it was a beautiful deer like Bambi , which looked at us and ran away more frightened than us .
Eventually , it was a special trip !
To whom it may concern ,
I am writing to apply for a job in a summer camp in the USA .
I am interested in the job because this would be an opportunity to spend my summer in a more fun way .
Another thing is that I would improve my skills in working with children and I would find the money useful to expand my academic qualifications .
Firstly , I am a young college student , a friendly person and devoted to my studies . I enjoy cooking as one of my hobbies .
I also take pleasure in playing tennis , for the benefits of practising sports and staying active .
Besides , I particularly enjoy outdoor activities rather than indoor ones .
I believe this job would suit me for the following reasons : I am familiar with the environment in summer camps as I spent my previous summer in one .
Another reason is that I have gained experience of taking care of children from working as a babysitter recently .
Furthermore , I have a great sense of leadership , as well as the social skills needed , from being a scout for five years .
All in all , I can assure you that I would be a great addition to your team of workers for all the reasons stated above .
Because of that , I hope my letter will be taken into consideration .
I patiently await an answer .
With kind regards , Catarina
I spent last summer in Oxford , UK , studying English at a language school for ESL learners .
I knew no one in the city ; my friends and family were far away , so I felt lonely .
I went to school with almost zero knowledge of English , and after entry tests , I was assigned to a level higher than mine .
When I went to class , there was a group of students who had already studied together for some time .
Being happy together , they were not paying attention to a new girl .
There was not a chance to befriend them , I thought .
At the end of the third school day , one of my classmates caught me in the hall and asked if I wanted to join them that night for dinner .
I needed practice with speaking so much , so it was just what the doctor ordered !
There was only one problem : I could not communicate well in English and I was really shy about it .
But when the dinner started , there was nothing to worry about , because my classmates appeared supportive and patient .
That evening was so delightful !
I told them about my country and family , I was speaking English and they were understanding me !
It gave me a strong belief in future progress in learning .
The guy who invited me , Francois from France , spoke with me more than the others .
Starting to spend every evening together , we spoke about the past , expressed our thoughts and future plans .
Every time I felt bad about my English , he supported me like no one else .
He helped me forget about my fear , because his believing in my success made me stronger .
After two weeks , he returned to France , but we keep in touch even today .
I am going to France this December , and Francois will show me independent Paris !
Hello Paul ,
Do you remember that I went to the Muse concert in Dublin last month ?
I 'm sure you remember because I spoke a lot about this event .
I was n't a mere spectator .
I was part of the team !
I was in charge of the ticket sales .
There were ten doors in the building and my job was to sell tickets at door number 5 .
I sold 567 tickets at the price of 55 € uros .
I could see the show from my station but the most exciting thing happened at the end of the show .
The artists invited all the staff to a big party in a restaurant .
It was unbelievable to speak with the artists and ask them questions about their life and habits .
Nowadays , it 's common to think that travelling by car is much more convenient than travelling by public transport , but it 's not true at all .
Some surveys have demonstrated that travelling by car is more expensive than travelling by public transport .
The increase in the fuel cost , for example , will surely have a negative impact on the use of private vehicles .
Moreover , other costs will act upon the cost of travelling by private vehicle .
In the same surveys , the researchers show how travelling by public transport is safer than travelling by car .
The annual average of crashes caused by public transport is 43% , whereas the private vehicle one is around 76% .
As for the pollution , it could be reduced if people used public transport ; it is well - known that CO2 emissions per passenger kilometre by public means of transport are 80% less than a car .
Obviously , the quality of public transport has to be improved .
Significant changes have to be made to ensure the quality of service and the conditions of the coaches , trains and other public means of transport .
In this way , the customer can feel as comfortable as they felt in their own cars .
ESSAY : Young people in Spain are not as healthy as they should be
The latest research carried out by The Health Department in Spain shows that young people are not as healthy as twenty years ago .
That could be a bigger problem if the trend is maintained for a long time because public spending could rise 60 % in the next 10 years .
The reasons for that may lie in the current financial crisis that is strongly affecting most middle - class people in the country .
The low quality of produce that young people eat and the limited variety of eating habits could make things even worse .
Besides , excessive use of computers and mobile phones is not helping to solve the problem at all .
Finally , it is proved that youths are devoting less time to doing exercise than they should and , as a consequence , they are not improving their general health enough .
As far as I am concerned , I think the Spanish government should implement health programmes and advertising campaigns in order to improve health in the young population .
Furthermore , Spanish schools should pay more attention to this matter and teach children how to develop a healthy lifestyle .
Travelling by car is only convenient in a restricted sense , while public transport is more convenient overall .
What is meant by a restricted sense , is that for adults , who are healthy and able bodied , having access to personal transportation is arguably quite attractive .
They can simply travel when they choose and not be tied to a timetable that has been devised out of their control .
However , note my emphasis on adult , healthy and able - bodied . For young people , for older people , for people with disabilities , being able to drive brings more costs than benefits .
A public transport system is much more convenient for this group of people because they wo n't need to worry about the skill and attention needed for driving .
Furthermore , the monetary costs in the long run are much lower using public transport , both for individuals and for the wider society .
I totally agree with this statement .
Famous people often are annoyed , because their every action will appear in the magazines or on the Internet .
They ca n't do trivial things such as shopping or going to the cinema with their family without being aware of the fans and paparazzi .
Even when celebrities are having holidays , people ask them to give them an autograph .
Sometimes , famous people look a little bit different than on the stage and their faces without any make - up appear on the Internet .
From : Elena
Date : July 26 , 2015
Hello James ! I have already read your email and I 'm going to try to give you some advice . I know you love doing sports , especially golf , and it helps you a lot to be in shape , but , do you really have to do it ?
It is necessary for your health , but what about if you go running in the mornings ?
You keep doing sport but at another time .
On the other hand , I know that music is your passion , and in my opinion , you should n't give up music classes . When you 're stressed it helps you to relax .
Also you 're about to finish your classes , so if you give up music , you will discard all your effort .
Anyways , if you feel that going to your music classes is stressful and you do n't have time to do it , try a new sport ! Maybe soccer , or go running in the mornings , as I said before . Believe me , golf is kinda fun but you do n't exercise as much as you could .
I hope this letter helps you to decide what you will do .
See you soon !
Elena
The complexity of human behaviour is critical in sport .
As a result of this , many studies have shown that athletes should be motivated to push themselves beyond the record .
You need motivation to believe in yourself , that you can achieve it .
This attitude is especially true for sportsmen and women .
Swimming includes all these abilities .
One of the most difficult sports on Earth will teach you what hard work , sacrifice , pain , strain but also satisfaction , determination , pride and struggle mean .
The complexities of swimming are not only for the body workout but above all for the mind .
If you want to swim every day , pushing yourself beyond your limits , you definitely need a strong psyche and solid motivation .
People that would like to start this sport , should know that this is not just a sport .
This is life .
You certainly will learn to fail and win , but the most important thing that you will learn is never give up .
Furthermore , as Michael Phelps said : " There will be obstacles , there will be doubters , there will be mistakes , but with hard work ... there are no limits " .
People have had a need for communication since the dawn of time .
Every human being has a need for socialising and that is the first reason why I believe we start making friends .
Personally , I usually get on with people pretty well and make new friends easily as I am a natural extrovert ( or so I think ) .
It usually starts with small talk or compliments , as at school I was taught that expressing appreciation to people can be a good start of any kind of relationship .
A true friendship forms itself on a foundation of strong mutual understanding and this takes a good deal of time .
Friends do not have to share the same opinion on every topic . However , they should respect and support each other even if they disagree .
All in all , even despite the fact that making friends can be a struggle ( they need our time and efforts ) , they give us support and love and improve our mood when we need it most .
I was walking in the center of Turin when I saw a big , beautiful hotel , with a lot of police who were trying to maintain law and order because there were a lot of people like me that wanted to know what was going on .
I saw a policeman who was my friend and he explained to me that a man had been killed by someone and he allowed me to go into the room and see the scene of the crime .
I went to see the room of this poor man , called Mr Smith .
All the room was in order and the policeman explained to me that the man , who had been very old , had also been rich .
Mr Smith was found on the floor with a glass next to him which was completely broken .
I thought that he must have called reception for some wine , as the waitress said that every night after he had eaten , he always drank a glass of wine .
All night , the body had lain like this on the floor .
The next day , the waitress knocked once , twice , three times , but no one answered , so she thought that the man might have gone out .
She opened the room with some keys that all the waitresses have , and saw Mr Smith lying dead on the floor .
The detectives analysed what was in the glass and it was poison .
I think that someone who wanted to inherit Mr Smith 's money must have killed him for this reason .
In fact , I discovered that Mr Smith 's nephew wanted all his fortune .
So he must have killed him with the poison .
Sometimes , people will do anything for some money .
Nowadays , it 's believed that it 's better to work on your own than to work as a group .
At first , I completely agreed with this , but then when I started to think about it I realized that it 's not like that .
Firstly , I think that if you work as a team , you can help each other and if you have more people to talk about any situation with you can have a better and more complete answer , because you have the ideas and the knowledge of every single member of the group .
Secondly , I think that the members of the team give you support , love and companionship .
Sometimes the members of a group begin to be so close to you that you love them the same as if they were part of your family .
Moreover , if it is a really nice group , it is more fun to work with them than to work alone .
In conclusion , I believe that it 's better to work as a team than to work on your own because the team give you love , companionship and you can have a very good time .
It is well known that an image is better than a thousand words , and that may be the reason for the success of television in a recent survey as the most important invention of the last 100 years .
However , this choice may not be the wisest , as there are other inventions more useful than television and with better future applications .
I am referring to the Internet . Born in the 1970 's as a military project to interconnect missile facilities and the central headquarters , it soon spread to universities and educational centers .
This fact , along with the spread of personal computers , quickly led to a generalization of its use in the first decade of the XXI century .
Nobody wants to dismiss the importance of television and its achievements .
For more than 50 years , it has been the main entertainment channel , displacing others like radio , theater , cinema and , sadly , also books .
In its first years , television was also an important channel for culture ( theater plays , classic films , etc . ) .
Unfortunately , in recent years , television has lost this educational focus .
The Internet , on the other hand , has become more and more popular , not only for entertainment , but also for business , and today it is almost impossible to find an activity in which the Internet does n't play a major role .
The Internet has also replaced television for watching films and TV shows , especially among young people , who prefer to download and watch videos instead of watching to the fixed schedule of TV .
A fire in the French Alps
This experience is unbelievable and unforgettable for me .
It was in winter 2002 when 2 friends and I were working in a hotel in a village called Tignes .
The hotel had 8 floors and the workers lived on the top floor .
At about 8 p.m in the evening on December 12th , my friends and I went back home .
It was the end of a hard day 's work , so we went to bed early ; we were very tired and we had forgotten to put out a candle .
Then , disaster struck .
One hour later , our table was on fire .
While the fire was spreading all over the bedroom , I woke up and Matxi was unconscious because there was a lot of smoke in the bedroom .
Monica and I called out her name and we slapped her face .
Fortunately , we managed to wake her up .
At that moment , some friends and other workers who lived on the same floor came into the bedroom .
At the beginning , we could n't stop the fire , but although this night sounds impossible , we managed to put out the fire .
That day I was afraid , but now I remember this experience as a good time .
Public transport has been discussed enough but there is always room for further discussion .
Now the question under discussion is whether public transport has a future as travelling by car is gaining more and more popularity because of its advantages .
Well , I think it has a future .
First , there are always lots of people who would prefer not to give much thought to where to park their car or how to avoid traffic jams .
The metro , which is a means of public transport , solves all these problems .
In smaller towns without an underground there are usually a number of bus routes to cover the city area , so , all you need is to go to a bus stop and to get on a bus and soon you 'll reach your destination .
One should n't forget that using public transport helps to save money .
It 's not a secret that gas , insurance and repairs are costly .
Safety issues are also very important .
It is obvious that it is safer for the environment than thirty cars with a single person inside .
You should take into account that thirty drivers ( often inexperienced or aggressive ) pose a greater danger to road users than one trained bus driver who feels responsibility for his passengers and for other people in the traffic .
The answer is obvious , I think .
And the last , but not the least , thing is that there are quite a lot of people who are not able to or just do n't want to drive , so the only solution for them is public transport .
Moreover , cities ' authorities encourage the development of public transport because it creates employment , lessens the impact on the environment and contributes to road safety .
So , my opinion is that public transport does have a future . Travelling by car is convenient but public transport has undeniable benefits for long - lasting life as well .
It was a beautiful Sunday morning and Michael was preparing to go out to meet his old friend Peter .
He was running to the cafe where they were supposed to meet .
Peter was already there and he immediately told Michael about a trip to Italy that he had planned for them .
Everything sounded great , they only needed a little bit more money and a car .
Michael thought that he could use his father 's car , and borrow some money from his mother .
He knew that Peter was a little bit irresponsible , but he thought that the arrangement sounded perfect and nothing could go wrong .
He managed to get the money and take the car from his dad and went to pick up Peter .
He got to Peter 's apartment to help him with his luggage .
He was thinking that this time it would be different , everything was planned and they would have a great time .
He opened the door and saw that Peter was n't packed at all , he had changed his mind about the trip .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Alison read the note , smiled and immediately put on her coat .
She 'd gotten used to receiving those short messages every day .
Someone would write something short and simple like " Keep smiling " or " You 're beautiful " and leave the note on the mirror right behind the front door .
No name of the author on it , but let 's face it - there was only one guy in Brooklyn who would wake up every day before the dawn , no matter if it was raining or snowing , and run like crazy to Alison 's family 's small flat .
Just to make her smile every single morning as if something amazing had happened to her .
Occasionally , her older sister would watch her from the hall and poke her index finger at her forehead . " What a jerk " she 'd mutter under her breath .
But truth was that she was jealous .
Very , very jealous .
Thomas was one of those guys that every gal wished to be around .
He was handsome as hell , well - built and a true gentleman .
He worked hard at the docks to make a good living for his mother .
She lost her job when the war started , as well as her husband - Tom 's father .
Back then it was pretty obvious that regardless of his young age of seventeen , he would quit school and start earning money .
Because it 's just the way Tom is - stubborn and righteous .
Alison , well ...
Try to fit a heart and the bravery of a lion into the small frame of sixteen - year - old girl .
She was weak , but preferred to be called fragile , as if that made a significant difference .
Her major health problem was asthma , as well as anemia , a poor immune system and being underweight .
Because of the latter , she 's skin and bones with almost no muscles .
All her clothes are from the kids ' section and yet they 're usually too loose .
But there 's something in her big bright eyes , circled with long brown eyelashes and freckles , that makes her appearance unique and causes Tom 's heart to flutter every time he brings to his mind her piercing gaze .
Alison 's sister , on the other hand , is the total opposite .
Mary is a picture of health with all her curves and pretty face .
Small snub nose , full lips and high cheekbones .
No freckles as her skin is perfect at every inch .
The only thing they have in common is the eyes , taken from their mother .
The rest is completely different .
That 's why Mary is constantly surrounded by a bunch of fellas , meanwhile Tom is the only one to follow Alison and have her back .
And hell , she needs at least one to do it .
FILM REVIEW
ROMEO AND JULIET , Franco Zeffirelli ( 1968 )
The best known love story of all time - Romeo and Juliet - has been adapted a number of times for the cinema and also made into successful musicals .
One of the most renowned romance films based on the Shakespearean play was directed by Franco Zeffirelli in 1968 .
This film stands out from low quality versions because of its accurate details .
The script is a faithful translation of the original text and the plot , as well , sticks to Shakespeare 's work .
This remarkable story is set in Verona in the 15th century .
The film , instead , was shot in central Italy and , surprisingly , the scene on the balcony was n't even filmed in Verona .
It 's about the tragic fate of two young lovers whose families are bitter enemies .
Romeo and Juliet fall in love and secretly get married .
The young bridegroom is then involved in a brawl and banished from the village .
The play becomes tremendously thrilling until the couple 's death .
The acting of a classic is undoubtedly a difficult task , and yet Olivia Hussey and Leonard Whiting play their roles very convincingly .
Believable costumes and location , unforgettable soundtrack and outstanding performances celebrate a gripping and moving story that will charm you .
If you fancy travelling back in time , do n't miss this piece of art .
It 's worth it !
To : manager of the centre
From : John Jones
Re : Report about Active Leisure Club
The aim of this report is to make suggestions about the facilities of the club .
The swimming pool is big enough and the temperature of the water is fine .
However , the water is dirty and it is recommended to clean the pool at least twice a week .
The gym is nice and comfortable , but newer machines should be bought to replace some of the machines that are currently in use .
The new tennis court was found very useful because most members of the club claimed that they liked playing tennis .
Also , the court is cheap and the changing room is nice and clean .
On the other hand , the opening hours are not long enough and they should be extended .
The gym reception is nice , but the walls are painted with dark colours .
It is advisable to paint the walls with a brighter colour .
Apart from the above - mentioned points , there may be so many other ideas which can make a big difference to the club .
Anna knew that it was going to be a very special day for her .
She did n't know exactly why , but she had the feeling .
The feeling it would be the last day of her journey .
She began to reminisce about the start of her journey .
Back then , when she had been a little kid , she had dreamed of seeing the entire world .
In order to realize her dream , she had begun her journey .
It had n't been easy , she had had to leave her beloved homeland behind .
Just after saying farewell to her homeland , she had met an old woman .
The woman had smiled at Alice and had given her some words of advice , " Young girl , you will lose something important to you .
But do n't worry , as long as you 're willing to regain it , no matter what it takes , you will find it again " .
Alice had looked on in confusion as the woman had walked away .
Many years had passed .
Alice had gone around the entire world , from the hottest desert to the highest mountain .
Alice had decided to return to her homeland .
However , when she had arrived , there was nothing but a barren desert .
She was shocked .
Her family and her homeland had disappeared .
Sadness struck her heart .
But , just as hope almost disappeared , she had remembered the words of the old lady .
And so , she had looked around to find a way .
Then she had found a gate nearby .
As unbelievable as it seems , it had been a gate of time .
It had been told that anyone who stepped through it would be cursed , but Alice 's desire had been stronger than her fears .
She , without any hesitation , had gone through the gate .
Finally , after much time travelling , Alice had this feeling .
The feeling of the end of her great journey through time .
She went for her last journey .
The first thing she saw was a young girl .
She looked at her and was instantly reminded .
That girl , indeed , was Alice herself in her youth .
More specifically , it was Alice when she was starting her journey .
She instantly knew that her homeland must be nearby .
She then said the same words as the old lady she had met long ago .
And finally , she went on to her destination , her beloved homeland .
Had you told me that I would win some literary competitions and that some people would speak well of me , I would n't have believed you .
The year was 2012 , and I had n't written anything until that day - I had just been translating some stories and , once , even subtitles for a Korean movie from English and Spanish .
But that day - it was in spring and I believe it was Thursday - my English teacher told us about a literary competition .
The theme was ' I visited the Earth in 2112 ' .
It sounded like quite a good challenge for me , so after finishing the lessons , I quickly sat down and started writing .
And when I wrote down the last sentence I immediately sent it to the stated email address .
Only then did I realise that there was nothing more to do , that I just had to wait .
For the first days I was a little bit nervous , but day by day , I started forgetting about any competition .
But a month ago , my mobile phone started to ring .
An unknown number .
I picked up and heard a nice woman 's voice .
And that voice told me that I was the winner of the third place !
I was so happy !
That moment changed my life a bit because I 've started to write more and more stories .
And the more I won competitions , the more proud I was of myself .
Since I was a child , I have been curious to know how stuff works .
Disassembling games , building things of wood and playing Lego were my favorite hobbies .
Through the years , my interest in machines and electrical devices increased , so whenever a device stops working I try to fix it before calling the maintenance , and my parents always encouraged me even when I broke something .
When I was in secondary school and my friends were dreaming of being doctors or dentists , I decided that I would be an electrical engineer or mechanical engineer , so I entered the scientific branch .
During my studies , my parents and I noticed that I understood kinetic physics more than electrical physics .
Also , I was good at mathematics subjects that related to solid geometry . That is why I decided to study mechanical engineering .
Since I enrolled in the faculty of mechanical engineering , I had a goal to complete my Master 's studies in Europe or America .
After searching and asking , I found Germany has numerous prestigious technical universities , and it offers a great study atmosphere for foreign students and supports them in many ways .
Moreover , Germany is one of the biggest industrial countries in the world and it has many huge factories .
Additionally , the living costs are quite affordable .
For those reasons , I am convinced that Germany is the best country to complete my studies abroad in .
I have been working as a teacher of mechanical materials in a vocational school since my graduation .
I really like this profession and how good it feels to spread science and knowledge to new generations .
Therefore , I have decided that I am going to continue my postgraduate studies and pursue a Ph.D. degree to work as a teacher at a university .
I have been looking for a while for a suitable university to apply to .
I read about TU - Clausthal and I decided to apply to it for many reasons .
First , I like the curriculum of the mechanical engineering Master 's program .
Second , TU - Clausthal has a very good rating in engineering on many websites like ranking.zeit.de .
Third , TU - Clausthal gives conditional admission and it has a language center .
Finally , TU - Clausthal is located in beautiful countryside .
I hope that I get the chance to complete my studies at your university and to gain practical experience in one of the greatest industrial countries in the world .
A lot of different languages are spoken all over the world , and it is not easy to choose one of them to learn .
My view is that , nowadays , English is an important language that it is necessary for almost everyone , so I will choose to learn English first .
The most common reasons to study a language are work and travel .
Although in some places people do n't speak English , you can always find somebody who does .
In addition , English is not too difficult to learn .
Even though you have to study vocabulary and expressions , the grammar is easy to understand and you will be able to make simple sentences in a few days .
One of the subjects at school is English .
Therefore , we have to study it , and when we finish school we usually continue improving our English before learning another one .
All things considered , I think that English is the easiest option when you want to study a language .
Whereas there are a lot of options , we rarely start learning other languages before we can communicate well in English .
Digital advertising ; an exciting but undesirable business
It is indisputable that advertising has become a permanent fixture in our daily lives .
Once a curious novelty that was largely considered a harmless addition to our sometimes dull and overly familiar environment , it was welcomed as fun and informative .
It was also - if one wished to do so - relatively easy to ignore .
But we have now entered a new era of the attention - grabbing business : its digitalisation .
Their transformation from innocent posters to digital screens ranging in size from minuscule to vast has made adverts all - pervasive .
Researchers say that an average adult in the developed world is now exposed to hundreds of commercial messages every day .
Those involved in this lucrative business are in awe of the almost endless possibilities that recent technological advances offer them .
Multimedia , advertising and entertainment companies now work in synergy to target everyone from toddlers who can barely speak to pensioners confused by the speed of life in the new age , unsubtly playing on their needs and desires in order to turn them all into faithful consumers .
They have so successfully insinuated their own product into our everyday existence that we no longer see it anymore as what it really is : a nuisance .
Creators of adverts have long given up on informing the consumers and instead opt for seducing them .
The result is insincere , misleading and often deceitful messages that our minds are saturated with .
Perhaps it is time to do an experiment and hit a pause button and reflect upon this subject .
Imagine a world without adverts , for a week at least .
Would it be bleak and boring and leave us at a loss as to what to buy , or might it just turn out to be a long - yearned - for respite ?
Dear Chairman ,
I am writing with regard to the campaign that you are promoting in favour of an international sports competition that could be hosted in my town .
As a matter of fact , Venice could be a very good candidate for hosting the marathon competition , which will last one day .
Moreover , Venice is one of the most beautiful cultural cities in Italy .
The marathon runners coming before or staying after the competition could take advantage of visiting the city , which offers a great number of attractions .
There are two separate communication networks in the city , that of the waterways and that of the narrow streets .
Public water buses and private water taxis run 24 hours a day , although less frequently at night .
The main centre can be reached very easily .
Although the private service is very expensive , it is efficient .
Four and five star hotels are located in the main area , but smaller hotels and a youth hostel are also available for families .
Hotel receptions and travel agencies are always ready to help their guests with a wide range of information on the city 's entertainments , exhibitions and so on .
Sightseeing and excursions with private local guides are available on request .
In addition to this , there is a significant lack of evening entertainments in the city , such as theatres , cinemas and night - clubs .
On the other hand , participants will find a wide range of restaurants , trattorias and bars with a good selection of menus offering local food .
Some of these restaurants can be quite expensive .
In conclusion , I think there will be no obstacles and objections to hosting this sports competition in my town , which , on the other hand , is also a cultural event for many of the participants .
Yours faithfully
Hey Paul
I read your email yesterday but I have n't had the time to reply until now .
The concert I helped at was amazing !
I helped with catering for the staff and during the concert I was free to walk around wherever I wanted because they gave me a security badge .
I just had to make sure nobody was hungry or thirsty .
This also meant I was allowed to go backstage and take care of the bands .
I asked if I had permission to stand in front of the stage during the main concert and the organisation agreed .
The support act was a rather unknown band but they were really good .
Did I tell you who the headliner was ?
I do n't think so .. .
It was NICKELBACK !
Their setlist was extremely good .
They played all of their famous songs and added some new ones .
After the show , I had the chance to meet the band members .
Chad Kroeger gave me their new CD and the entire band signed it for me .
The guys were really nice !
I had an amazing time , too bad you could n't be there .
Hope to see you soon .
Valerie
Hello Jane !
Here is a picture from last summer when we were in Halland on an island called Nidingen !
My name is Lorin and I am 13 years old . I live in Djursholm at Riddarvägen 42 , close to a field .
I was born on August 4 at the hospital in Danderyd .
In my family there are five people ; my mom Malak , my dad Claes , my little sister Novalie and my little brother Edvard .
Novalie is 10 years old and Edvard is 6 years old .
In my spare time I like to be with friends and I do also play soccer , dance and ski .
I really like to do sports because I like to be outside .
I compete in skiing and I think it 's great fun . I often go skiing in Åre , Vemdalen and in Ramundberget .
Once every year , I ski with my ski club ( Täby slalomklubb ) in Switzerland .
In Switzerland we have been to Saas fee and Zermatt .
In Zermatt you can see the Matterhorn ( the mountain that you see on Toblerone packaging ) .
It is a very cool mountain .
I do also ski with my family and that is the best .
I like slalom because it goes fast and I like snow .
In the summer holidays , my family and I just spend time on the west coast on a small island called Kålhuvudet .
That is one of our summerhouses . I love to be there because when we are there we swim in the ocean and we fish for crabs and just have a lot of fun .
You can , of course , see the ocean and it is very beautiful .
Something else I like to do is shopping .
My parents call me a shopaholic and I almost agree . I like it because it is fun to look at clothes and try them on .
I read quite a lot and my favourite book is Harry Potter .
I like fantasy and that book is fantastic .
If it was possible to go to Hogwarts I would do it .
Now you know what my favourite book is , so you can almost guess what my favorite movie is … Of course , Harry Potter .
But I do also like a movie called The Game Plan .
It is about an American football player who does n't know that he has a daughter and one day the daughter comes to his apartment .
Then it is a fun and fantastic story that I do n't want to tell you because then wo n't be fun to see the movie .
I do n't watch only movies , I watch some series to .
For example , Pretty Little Liars and Modern Family .
Pretty Little Liars is a little bit scary , but I like it .
Modern Family is my favourite series .
I like it because it is very funny .
My favourite song is a song called Chandelier by an artist called Sia .
It is a girl called Jasmine Thompson and she sings cover songs and I think she is a really good singer .
I do also like a song called Classic with an artist called MKTO .
One band I like is One Direction . I think they sing really well .
When they were in Sweden , I was at their concert and after that my voice was almost gone .
But it was really fun to be there , but is what pretty cold , because at Friends Arena the roof was open .
My favourite food is sushi or a fillet of beef with potatoes and béarnaise sauce .
I like sushi because the combination of fish , rice and soya makes it delicious .
I like beef and my favourite is a fillet of beef with béarnaise sauce . It is a very good combination .
My favourite restaurant is a restaurant called Dahlboms in Åre , because they have the best spaghetti bolognese ever .
Hope you enjoyed your reading . I think this is what you maybe want to know about me !
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake , because the door could n't be opened again .
He was trapped .
Michael was very anxious and he did n't know what to do anymore .
The room was really dark and Micheal could n't see anything .
Then suddenly Micheal felt something under his foot .
It was a hammer .
Micheal tried to hit the door with the hammer , but it was useless because that door was made of steel .
Snugly Micheal heard steps coming towards him .
Micheal was really scared and he closed his eyes .
He opened his eyes again when the steps had faded away .
Michael felt strange , because he was n't feeling walls around him .
Micheal was stuck in nowhere .
Suddenly Micheal felt pain in his chest .
The pain became stronger and stronger .
He felt like he was about to die .
He started crying because there was nothing he could do about it .
At the moment Micheal wanted to die , he saw a light coming from beyond .
He started running towards the light .
The moment he reached the light , everything changed .
He did n't feel anything .
He could fly around .
Micheal seemed to be really happy at that moment .
Micheal felt something shaking him .
He was really confused because he thought he was dead .
Suddenly , Micheal opened his eyes and he realized it was just a weird dream .
Smiles and Sounds at Charity Fun Day
This year 's Charity Fun Day was brilliant and we raised lots of money .
It was an amazing event !
Local people were invited and a talent competition was held .
Several student bands played and a variety of food was available !
Everything started on Saturday afternoon on the main square in Krakow .
The number of people exceeded my expectations !
There were a lot of them .
The weather was fantastic : the sun was shining and birds were singing .
Generally , bands played really well , but , of course , there were also terrible singers in the competition - but it did n't matter so much .
I 'll never forget the sounds and smiles of those happy people with their arms in the air who were standing under the stage .
As we know , this type of event ca n't take place without food .
On the Charity Fun Day , the air was filled with the fabulous smells of Indian , Italian and many other world cuisines .
Unfortunately , not all of the food was tasty , so one of the things I 'd suggest changing next year is to avoid hot dogs .
Also , I 'd recommend delicious homemade ice cream .
It was a fantastic experience , especially for the people for which it was intended .
If you 're looking for a really good day out , come to next year 's Charity Fun Day .
You wo n't be disappointed .
Dear Jane ,
I 'm so sorry that it took me so long to reply , but I had to move out of my parents ' house last week .
It 's breaking my heart to hear that you 're in such a terrible situation .
It must be awful for you .
To be honest , I 've never understood why you enjoy boxing anyway .
It 's brutal and I 'm always worried about you .
You 're such a cute little girl .
And this sport ... I 'm surprised you can still play piano after all those accidents you 've had .
And you know how much I love your music .
It 's calming , beautiful and somehow suits you .
So if I were you , I 'd go for music classes .
Having said that , I also must admit that I know how hardworking you can be .
So I believe , if you really want to pursue both , you can do it and I 'll support you no matter what .
I hope I helped you a bit .
Let me know what your decision is .
And tell me more about that guy you met last month !
You 've been suspiciously quiet about that recently .
Best wishes ,
Daria .
I discovered the English language when I was eight , and it amazed me so much that one year later I started to take a course .
English was also the key to my passion for technology . The more I understood the language , the more I understood how to use computers and the internet .
About six months later , I joined a computer class for kids in the same location that I took the English classes and since then , my love for computers and the language has just grown .
That is why I wish to work in the area of Computer Sciences , and studying abroad would give me an extra motivation and open new doors to show and expand my full potential .
Besides being my personal favorite for its culture and language , the United States of America offers big opportunities in this area because of its great universities and educational system .
I am currently an intern on a scientific research program in a group called GALP - Logical Programming Teaching Group , that , with the local city hall of Araraquara , aims to transform the city into a national technology , research and software producing center , accomplishing this goal by teaching logical thinking and algorithms to kids , diminishing future evasion in many exact science courses .
To bring back from this exchange technical knowledge in programming , as well as new methods of teaching , would be outstanding .
Although I write and speak English at an advanced proficiency level , this exchange would provide the fluency I need in academic contexts and interpersonal communication . As all of the most relevant papers , research and journals are written in English , I want to achieve this level to make it easier to write and produce good materials for the scientific community , and to communicate better with all cultures .
In Brazil , there is a huge lack of professionals in the field of information technology in both academic institutions and the job market . Travelling abroad , especially in the U.S. , would qualify me in both areas .
Although I prefer the academic field , working in a company related to software design and creation would be a marvellous way of gaining experience in the field .
I would be happy too , if , by any chance , I could apply to summer jobs or internships as another way of gaining experience .
Working as an intern at an information technology company or as a teacher 's assistant would provide me with a good example of how the market works for both academic and commercial careers .
In conclusion , I want to study in the U.S. because of its differentiated educational system , for the work and research opportunities that I might find , to know better a culture that amazes me with its capacity to innovate in all fields , to become fluent in a language that I love , to return to my country with more knowledge in areas that I would not find here , and , in the long - term , become a better professional or teacher , with a good and solid background in computer sciences , information technology and finally , system analysis and development .
I am writing to inform you about the most beautiful places and interesting buildings in Vilnius .
There are many places to visit , but the most beautiful is Traku castle .
It is a very popular pace to visit among tourists .
I think that a group of overseas students must see it .
This castle is very old and it is surrounded by water .
The castle is very big and you will need several hours to visit it .
It is very beautiful and there are many interesting things to see in this castle .
If you want to visit it , book a guide who will tell you the history of the castle in English .
This castle consists of many buildings and even underground tunnels .
In the yard of the castle you will see some cannons and other guns .
In addition , there are many souvenir sellers , so you could buy something .
I hope that you will visit Traku castle while staying in Vilnius .
Yours faithfully ,
Rasa
" Installation art " is a new form of expression made of a mixture of media , used by contemporary artists to communicate something in a modern way , different from traditional arts .
Installations are usually placed in big spaces because they have an important structure with the main task of making people reflect on something important that the artist needs to communicate to the biggest number of people .
Personally , I have seen only one " installation art " .
It was situated on a stand in Parque Del Retiro , in Madrid .
It was built in two different parts .
The first , placed in a corner of the stand , was made of a pile of plastic bottles and plastic baskets .
The second , in the centre of the stand , was a column made of coloured plastic baskets , surrounded by plastic bottles .
The artist wanted to represent the difference between the ecological recycling of plastic compared to the common collection of trash .
Seeing it for the first time , it was impossible to understand the meaning of the column or the pile .
Only after having read the explanation was it possible to appreciate the installation art , and to have a complete understanding of its meaning and shape .
Despite their beauty , new forms of art are very complicated to understand , especially compared to the classical arts .
An example could be medieval art .
Seeing a Da Vinci portrait or a landscape painting , it is immediately possible to appreciate the beauty of colours or the accuracy of shapes and the expressions of the subjects painted .
At first sight , those paintings evoke an emotion in the observer , and the name of the piece helps to have a complete knowledge of the masterpiece .
On the other hand , looking at installation art , it is harder to have a clear emotion at first sight without knowing the meaning of it or something about the artist .
In conclusion , I think that all forms of art are made for the same reason ; to communicate something .
In every historical period , artists have represented their life and what they feel in different ways .
Classical art was easier for us to understand because it has been studied at school and it is very famous , while modern artworks are totally new and more complicated to understand because of their composition and their significance .
In my opinion , the difference between installation art and classical art resides in the feeling that they can inspire in the audience .
Dear Camp Director ,
I would like to work at the summer camp this year .
My name is Melissa , I am 14 years old and I can speak English . I love summer camps because you learn so much in them and have wonderful experiences too .
Looking after children is one of my favorite things to do and many people tell me I am good at it .
I have experience of looking after children .
I am always willing to help with anything . I can be very creative when it comes to fun things .
I took cooking classes last year , so I can also work in the kitchens .
I think it is very important for children to have fun in the summer camps .
On the other hand , they should learn something new in a summer camp .
And they need someone to help them and guide them through it all .
Kindest regards , Melissa
Feel the wind !
Kitesurfing - this sport is getting more and more popular , not only in countries such as Australia , Turkey or Egypt , but also in other ones , like Poland or Germany !
Everyone who has ever stood on a surfboard and tried to catch the wind with a kite knows how wonderful it is .
A feeling of being completely free , the joy of moving on a surface of water standing on a small board , the incredible speed - all of those things can easily make you happy .
When I tried kitesurfing by myself for the first time , I was a little bit scared . "
How difficult it is ! " - that was my very first thought while seeing some surfers on the Baltic sea in Poland .
But believe me - there 's nothing to worry about !
Despite the fact that it seems hard , kitesurfing is one of the easiest water sports !
If you just learn how to keep control of your body when standing on a surfboard and how to steer a kite , there 's nothing that seems hard any more .
My only advice is : go to the seaside , find a nice camp for surfers with a good instructor , and enjoy your moments of freedom !
Dear Paul ,
It was great to hear from you .
I 'm sorry I haven't written sooner , but a lot is going on in my life now .
Last month , I helped at Adele 's concert at the Royal Albert Hall .
It was a dream come true .
She 's my favourite singer .
Although I was a cleaner , it was the best thing that has happened to me recently .
Before the concert , I had to sweep up the whole hall .
During the concert , I was responsible for supervision of sort - out in the toilets .
It was n't my dream job , but it really payed off .
After the concert , I saw Adele , and my friend took a picture of me with her !
Can you imagine that ?
She smiled at me !
I wish I could do it again .
By the way , I met your ex - girlfriend there with her new boyfriend .
Of course , I told her you 're dating Lisa now .
Apart from that , I 'm going to help at Coldplay 's concert in two months .
I hope it wo n't be my last job at a concert .
Anyway , I must go now .
I ca n't wait to hear from you .
Tell me everything about your new girlfriend .
Write soon .
Lots of love ,
Ala.
This past year was special for me . I graduated from High School and I took a gap - year .
It was very confusing but probably the best year of my life and I will tell you why .
As I said earlier , I graduated from High School , which was a huge relief .
It was awful .
The students were mean and the teachers did n't like me at all .
So on the day the vacation started I was the happiest I 've ever been .
Thus came the question of what I was going to do next , but I was n't ready to make that decision back then , so with the agreement of my parents , I decided to take a gap - year .
Which was the best thing that ever happened to me .
I was extremely nervous about a week before my departure .
I was going to spend the next 6 months in the United States which actually terrified me .
As my departure came closer , I started to ask myself more and more if this was a good idea and if I would have a good time , all those things .
On the big day I must say that I kind of felt numb , I did n't know what to think and what to feel .
The journey to the United States was surprisingly good , I had some friends on the plane who were going to the same destination as me and I actually did n't miss my family that much .
The 6 months I spent there were the best of my life . I was so happy and enjoyed myself every day .
I also got to know myself better and I have reached a decision about what I want to do next year . I am going to study at the university .
I hope that I will enjoy that as much as I enjoyed this past year . It was truly amazing .
So if you are ever even considering the idea of taking a gap - year , do n't hesitate , just do it .
It is amazing !
When I got to the door , I realised suddenly that something was wrong . I anxiously turned and looked at the window .
It was slightly open .
I felt cold sweat on my back .
I was sure that I had n't left the window open .
So who had … ?
I was thinking that maybe it was just my imagination .
I had been staying at home for five days , I was n't really willing to see other people .
Maybe I have gone mad ?
I stared blankly at the window , unable to move .
Eventually , I slowly opened the door and went out of my room .
I went to the kitchen and sat on the chair , nervously fiddling with my bracelet .
It suddenly fell apart , and all the beads dropped on the floor .
In that sinister silence , it seemed to be the loudest sound in the world .
All of a sudden , my phone rang .
It was my best friend .
" Laura ?
Are you okay ?
We haven't talked for ages " , she said .
It was reassuring to hear a familiar voice .
I had been feeling so lonely for a long time .
Before I managed to say something , I heard a terrible scream and my friend just hung up .
I felt cold sweat again , just like five minutes ago when I 'd seen the open window .
After a little while , I heard a hoarse voice coming from the room with the open window . "
Laura ?
Come here .
We haven't talked for ages " .
It was my best friend 's voice .
We at Madhura Nagar , understand the need to protect the environment and hence are committed to what we do .
We limit the number of houses and the number of people living in those houses , because more people would mean we have to clear vast expanses of land for housing , which would mean a reduction in the number of trees and a deathblow to the natural balance .
We also see that people adhere to the norms when they build new houses and do n't encroach on any public lands .
We encourage people commuting to nearby places to walk or use a bicycle , depending on the distance and those going to the same areas outside the town to join car pools .
We also have a biogas plant on the outskirts that takes care of the rubbish and sewage and the power generated is used for street - lights and meeting the power needs of the community office .
We distribute jute bags annually with our community logo on them , so that people can use them instead of plastic bags .
Each year , we encourage school - going children to plant trees to teach them the importance of trees in safeguarding our environment , so that they can grow up to be responsible towards the environment .
We encourage people who come up with any innovative ideas about how we could further protect the environment .
Besides this , we often visit our neighbouring towns and educate them on the issues of global warming , the threat to ecological balance etc . , and guide them on how to protect our environment .
Dear Mr . Smith
I would like to apply for the job as a security guard for the Openair Frauenfeld as advertised in your Facebook - post of the 18th of July .
My name is Michael Freeman and I 'm twenty - nine years old .
I 've worked as a security guard in a lot of places around the world .
I was in the position of leader for a Katie Perry concert and I worked for Angela Merkel when François Hollande arrived in Berlin .
I was a paramedic in the first place , but then I wanted to change something in my life and combined it with my hobby , which is going to the gym , and became a security guard .
With these experiences , I can safely escort people who are knocked out or a bit ill and ca n't stand the concert anymore out of a concert and help them .
I have a degree in English and I can speak German and Spanish fluently .
I haven't got a family so I am independent and able to work wherever I can .
I feel I have the right experiences and attitude to be a great member of the crew and I hope you will consider my application favorably .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Yours sincerely ,
Michael Freeman
I like almost all kinds of sports .
The only exception is volleyball - I just ca n't play it , I do n't even know why .
But I love basketball and handball - especially the former - every time we play basketball at school during Physical Education , I 'm so happy about it and I do my best . I do n't know how to explain why I love this game so much .
Maybe it 's because , in basketball , you have to run a lot and you have to be really fast , and my second favourite sport is running .
Anyway - if someone asked me for advice about basketball , I would say : do n't give up if you are n't the best player in the world . I 'm also not .
And truly , who cares ?
If you enjoy this sport , just do it and nothing else matters !
Being famous seems to be the best thing that can happen to us .
But no matter how fabulous it looks , it brings some consequences and even problems .
One of the biggest disadvantages of being popular is that they are on everybody 's lips .
The public love to know everything about their idols and they always try to find out some spicy details .
Everyone deserves privacy , but public figures should be aware of the fact that society wants to know as much about them as it 's possible .
Whether they like it or not , they should be prepared for photographers and journalists trying to chase them at every single moment of their life .
It might be hard , but they need to be patient and try not to care about the people who interfere with their personal lives .
In my opinion , journalists and paparazzi should n't stalk celebrities on their private holiday or try to get into their intimate affairs .
There are some boundaries that should n't be crossed .
For example , when a popular film star goes to hospital because of his relative 's illness , reporters and photographers in particular should stay away and leave the celebrity alone .
Even though they are well known , they have a right to have free time and they should be able to spend it however they want to , without anyone disturbing them .
It 's really important for people to know the boundary between curiosity and nosiness .
We should respect other people 's right to privacy and let them live their own lives .
Nature is one of the most important themes in the Romantic Age , since it is a reality that inspired many writers , both novelists and poets .
It has been an important subject especially for writers from the ' ' first generation '' like William Wordsworth ; he saw nature as a reality inseparable from man , where it comforts in sorrow and teaches to love and to act in a moral way .
In the Romantic Age , we can find another important subject based on the concept of nature : the sublime .
It is associated with strong emotions caused by natural spectacles , like hurricanes , waterfalls or starry sky .
The sublime inspired many writers , like W. Wordworth and S. Coleridge , who had a conception of it as the feeling brought by the sight of infinite spaces , like the desert , sky or ocean .
The idea of the sublime that Wordsworth had is considered by many as the standard idea of the Romantic sublime : forms of nature that inspire feelings of awe , danger or weakness .
Also , Coleridge had a concept of the sublime , but for him it was associated with infinite spaces and the sense of perdition and suspense .
I am writing in order to apply for the position of summer camp assistant .
I am a 20-year - old girl with an immense desire to get busy this summer .
I am very familiar with the tasks and rules that need to be respected in a summer camp , as I have been one in a previous summer camp with the St John 's Ambulance .
It was an amazing and very instructive summer camp and I must say that I am the proud owner of the captain camp assistant badge .
It was my duty to make sure everything was running smoothly , according to the program , and I had to supervise and direct the other assistants if any problems should occur .
I am a qualified first aider and I am able to deal with any minor or major health problems that might arise .
I have been volunteering for St John Ambulance for 6 years now and I can say that it is a truly amazing and eye - opening experience .
Thank you for taking the time to read my application and I am looking forward to hearing from you .
Yours sincerely ,
Ms Magpie
The art of making a good impression .
An old saying goes ' You never get a second chance to make a first impression ' .
That 's always important when you meet someone for the first time , but especially when you come to a job interview .
Here are some tips to help you make a positive first impression .
Dress to impress
You should dress appropriately for the job that you want to get .
Men should wear a suit and a tie , and women should wear an appropriate blouse and skirt or pants .
Everyone should have clean hands and fingernails .
You should take no bags or backpacks along when you come to the interview .
Manners & Behavior
When you first meet the interviewer , shake his or her hand firmly .
Then you should thank the interviewer for the invitation .
Whatever happens , you should smile and keep cool .
If you are asked about yourself , you should n't tell your biography or something that has been written in your CV .
Instead of that , you should show that you have experience or specific education in the area .
Try to avoid using filler words such as " like " , or " um " because they tell the interviewer that you 're nervous .
Dos & Don'ts
Do n't be late .
Do n't talk too much or too quickly .
Never use monosyllabic answers .
Do n't hesitate to ask questions .
Switch off your cellphone .
Maintain eye contact .
Relax and enjoy the moment .
Going to a job interview can be a stressful experience for even the most job seekers , but if you use these tips , the first impression of you will be positive .
Good luck !
Dear Sir or Madam ,
I am writing in response to the article about friendship that was published in your magazine .
I would like to share my feelings about a particular friendship that is highly important to me and , furthermore , evaluate the reasons why it is especially complicated to maintain long - lasting friendships in any situation .
First of all , as far as special friendships are concerned , I must say that I am not a person who makes friends easily . Consequently , I do not have a large circle of friends .
However , I can portray a unique relationship that I have with a generous and warmhearted person .
Although it is true that this is not a long - term friendship , I can say that I have found a true friend .
Throughout this friendship , I have been given the support , the affection and the confidence to pursue my dreams .
On the other hand , friendship is a two - way street where you receive and give back the same favors and , naturally , I enjoy doing so .
I value this friendship and it is of great importance to me because it is a balanced , one - of - a - kind relationship .
Secondly , I would like to say that maintaining friendships over time entails strenuous effort .
A reason for this may be the fact that , over the years , people change and grow apart .
For this reason , not all childhood friends grow older as close confidants , simply because they are not the same people as they were before .
As you gradually grow up , your world expands , your personality changes and so do your acquaintances .
However , the natural process of aging is not the only change we undergo , but there are others such as enrolling in school , getting our first job or changing an old one , travelling or moving to another city .
All these situations may impede us staying in touch with old friends , but , on the other hand , can give us the opportunity to make new ones .
To summarize , I would like to say that even though we are incapable of remaining on friendly terms with everyone , we should know that the process of socializing is one of the factors that makes us human and we should always embrace it .
Yours faithfully ,
Allison Green
Viña del Mar is a wonderful city on the west coast of Central Chile and boasts a number of shopping facilities and different sorts of attractions for tourists of all ages .
There are several shopping centres in different areas of the city .
The biggest and best one is the Marina Arauco Shopping Centre , located on 15 Norte St. It has two anchor department stores , Almacenes Paris and Almacenes Ripley , one at each end of the mall which is two blocks long .
There are four floors , each of which contains different departments of the anchor stores , and a number of small shops which sell a variety of products .
There is also a food court on the third floor , catering to all sorts of customers , as well as a few restaurants on the first and second floors .
On the top floor , there is a multi - cinema complex , offering several of the latest movies .
There are two underground floors for parking , which can get a bit crowded in peak seasons , but which are very reasonably priced .
Nearby there is also a large supermarket and a home store which offers products for building purposes , also connected to a shopping gallery .
Another shopping option is the main street in the centre of Viña del Mar , which used to be more popular in the past , but which was displaced by the shopping centres .
This street runs from the Viña Square towards the sea for about six or seven blocks , and has many small shops and businesses which attract a lot of people .
There is a parking meter system , which is not very cheap , compared to the shopping mall parking , and it can be difficult to find parking nearby .
There are several supermarkets and two anchor shops at one end of the street , which are convenient shopping venues for people who live in the city centre .
There are also other areas in Viña del Mar where groups of shops have concentrated so as to offer facilities to residential areas , also convenient for people who live in the surroundings .
All in all , I think there is a wide variety of shopping options in our home town , so I expect tourists would not be disappointed with what there is to offer .
How my town takes care of the environment :
Introduction :
This report has the aim of showing and discussing the main ways to reduce pollution and to take care of the environment in Zaragoza .
Some information about what people do with their rubbish and how they try to keep the area clean is described in the following lines .
What do people do with their rubbish ?
Although the majority of the citizens in Zaragoza do n't give special treatment to their rubbish , there are some people who have recycling bins in their homes .
Also , Zaragoza is provided with a number of collection points , where rubbish of large dimensions such as furniture can be collected and recycled .
How does the town try to keep the area clean :
There is a law which states that if someone throws rubbish such as papers , cigarettes or chewing gum onto the street , they may be punished with a fine which could increase up to $ 100 .
We also count on the following services :
1 .
A team of professional cleaners responsible for keeping the streets clean , scheduled every four hours and divided by areas .
2 .
A commercial team responsible for raising awareness of the critical situation the environment is suffering .
3 . More than 200 buses with the aim of avoiding excessive CO2 emissions .
Conclusion :
Zaragoza 's population is aware of the importance of keeping the town clean and so they 're willing to do plenty of things to avoid pollution and its environmental consequences .
Dear Summer Camp Director ,
My name is Emma . I 'm 16 years old and I believe that I would be perfect for this summer job .
I have 2 little brothers and I think I 'm capable of taking care of little and older kids .
I 've always liked to play with kids and do fun activities with them .
My favorite activities would be painting , and making up fun games .
Although I like playing with kids of all ages , I think that I will have more things to do with the kids between the ages of 8 and 10 , because I find myself more open with kids between those ages .
I can cook anything , really . Just give me the ingredients and I 'll make you whatever you want .
As I said before , I 'm really good with little kids . I was a teacher once at a summer school .
As the summer camp requires , I could honestly help with anything :
-Looking after children aged 8 - 12 .
-Help organise sports and evening activities .
-Work in the kitchens .
It was 8:00 o'clock in the morning that Saturday in L.A. , and suddenly an urgent message appeared on the TV news and on all the radio channels .
They announced that the Big One would occur that afternoon at 7:00 PM approximately , so they warned that people had to leave the city or go to safe places in the next few hours .
From that moment , there was panic and chaos all over the city .
Peter 's father was the mayor of Los Angeles , so he had to calm down and inform the people regularly .
Peter decided to help his father with his work and the problems that were happening , while his mother was packing the luggage and preparing the car to leave .
Peter and his father were very busy solving the problems of neighbours and it took them some hours .
They finished the work when it was 6:30 , so they had to leave the city quickly or they would die .
Finally , when they were in the car , Peter turned round and he saw a little boy in the road calling for help .
Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately .
I have really enjoyed SAWAN 2015 , and I would definitely participate in it again .
Narwal Ji has supported me throughout the preparation of this program .
As someone who hasn't sung classical before and has no background in Hindi Singing , I found it very confronting to sing at a concert after only four months of training .
However , Narwal Ji has taught me from the basics of Indian singing , to being someone able to sing on stage in front of a large audience .
He has given me a great opportunity to grow as a beginning singer to sing during a concert and his guidance as a teacher is something that I will always appreciate .
He has given me a large amount of motivation , which led me to come all the way from Canberra to Melbourne to perform in this concert .
The night has been a rewarding experience and boosted my confidence greatly .
In addition to this , the night was beautifully organised and each performance was professionally executed .
An original mix of cultures were represented consistently .
Overall , the entire night was shown nicely and was entertaining for everyone watching .
There was no time left to be bored !
Dear sir ,
First I would like to thank you for your interest in our little town , and we will guarantee you a very warm welcome on the day of your arrival .
We will take great pleasure in helping the students to get around and feel at home in their accommodation .
You asked us to organise a visit to a place or building that mirrors one aspect of our life here .
We have brainstormed about many possibly interesting locations , and we eventually decided to prepare a little tour in and around the Grand Place of Brussels .
Away from busy and noisy roads , the beautiful old inner city reflects what Brussels really was for centuries ; small but cosy cobblestone streets flanked by small houses and shops in light colours and with old - fashioned roofs .
In our opinion , the area around the Grand Place is the most beautiful part of the centre of Brussels and what really attracts so many visitors worldwide each year .
We would gladly share our excitement about the Grand Place with your students , so that they can immediately get acquainted with it as a very enjoyable place to go to .
We hope to receive a positive answer soon , and again , I thank you for your time and interest .
Faithfully ,
Hi Mark ,
as you already know , I 'm from a little town , Kętrzyn .
Most of the year I live in Poznań because of my studies at the University , but every summer I go back home to spend some time with my family and friends .
Last summer I decided to do something more than just relax and have fun , so I started to look for an interesting summer job .
Like I previously said , Kętrzyn is a rather small town , so there is only one old movie theatre and it 's closed for most the time .
It opens only in the summertime , mainly for tourists .
Because of that , there are no regular employees , so at the beginning of every summer new season staff are hired .
So I decided to give it a try and I applied for that job .
It was the best summer ever .
You know how much I love watching movies , especially in small and cosy movie theatres .
It was like working in paradise .
My duties were pretty simple .
Selling tickets , snacks and drinks , cleaning the place after and before the shows , so work itself was n't the exciting part .
The main reason why I loved working there and every day I went to work with a big smile on my face were the possibilities to watch every show I wanted .
There is only one auditorium , so I was busy just between the shows and sometimes , for family shows , there was a 15 minute break in the middle of the show , for the kids to use the toilet or buy more snacks and drinks .
I watched almost every movie shown , some of them more than once .
When my work there came to an end , I was happy , but on the other hand , I felt some kind of sadness too .
I mean , it was September , so I had one whole month of vacation ahead of me to do whatever I wanted to and it was awesome because I could finally just relax , sleep , read books and spend a lot of time with my loved ones .
On the other hand , I was sad to leave that job .
This place really stole my heart and I miss its atmosphere , regular visitors and the people I worked with .
I 'm planning to work there for the next summer too .
As you can see , my summer was great .
How about yours ?
I remember you were saying something about planning to go to India .
How was the trip ?
I bet it is an interesting story .
I look forward to hearing from you ,
Maciej
Date : 27 September 2014
Dear Ms Leung ,
Re : Application for Primary 1
Thanks for granting our daughter , Cheung Tsz Huan , the first interview held on 27 September 2014 .
We do hope that she can be granted a second interview as we really appreciate your school vision , upholding the spirit of Faith , Hope and Love to nurture students .
As evidenced by the school visit guided by a polite , cheerful and confident P2 student under the Angel Scheme , we think your school vision has been successful to a large extent .
Further , this has extended to the secondary school .
Our elder daughter , Tsz Yin , who is currently in Form 4 of St. Paul 's Co - educational College Secondary School ( " SPCC " ) , greatly enjoys her school life and , at the same time , has achieved good results in the past three years .
She highly recommends your school to Tsz Huan and us .
And she has written a letter to you asking you to grant Tsz Huan an opportunity to grow up in the family of St Paul 's .
It goes without saying , we would like to provide the best we can for the development of our children - Tsz Yin and Tsz Huan .
To share and learn child - rearing tips with other parents , my wife attends the SPCC monthly book club .
To enhance our parent - child relationship and facilitate our understanding of her school and social life , we participate in the kindergarten 's volunteer group .
In addition , we spend at least 3 hours with Tsz Huan every day - reading , talking , painting and playing games .
We regularly go to parks , libraries , museums , visit the countryside together , and occasionally go on family holidays overseas .
Tsz Huan is a lively , cheerful and curious girl .
She enjoys reading , performing arts , including painting , dancing , music and sports , swimming in particular .
Her teachers have complimented her on being focused , creative and eager to learn .
As the parents of Tsz Huan , we are keen to work with the school and be part of its development .
Tsz Yin very much cherishes her experience at St. Paul 's and we sincerely hope that Tsz Huan can have the opportunity to benefit from the quality education your school provides .
Thank you for your kind consideration .
Yours sincerely ,
The line graph illustrates the amount and type of fast food eaten by teenagers in Australia between 1795 and 2000 .
As an overall trend , it is clear that consumption of fish and chips decreased over the period while the amount of pizzas and hamburgers eaten increased during the same period .
In 1975 , the consumption of fish and chips was ten times higher than the consumption of the other two types of fast food .
However , the quantity of fish and chips eaten per year declined from 100 times per year in 1975 to just over 80 times in 1980 .
Then , there was a slight increase to about 95 times per year in 1985 .
After that , this trend kept falling and reached the lowest point in 2000 ( just under 40 times that year ) .
In contrast , the consumption of hamburgers and pizzas started at about 10 times for hamburgers and 5 times for pizzas in 1975 , and then rose constantly until it reached approximately 100 times and 85 times , respectively , in 1995 .
It then levelled off during the next 5 years .
The purpose of this literature review is to provide a clear picture of the motivation and business strategy of entrepreneurs in their start - ups .
The literature review has three main parts .
Firstly , the review of literature will define the word " entrepreneurship " in a business context .
Following that , the next section will examine the entrepreneur 's motivations , which covers 2 major aspects : intrinsic personality traits and extrinsic factors .
Thirdly , the current opportunities and challenges of the Vietnamese food market will be reviewed , combined with the literature of Vietnamese entrepreneurs ' motivation .
Finally , the problems facing and business strategy will be introduced and explored .
The conceptual framework will conclude the literature review and open up the subjects which this thesis will explore .
For the work at the Green Pepper Cafe .
Hello , Mrs Ashby . I want to work in your cafe .
I think the job would be perfect for me .
My free time only allows me to work at weekends , which is why your place is perfect for me , and I also love the food there and people are always nice .
The place is very near where I live , and I 've worked in a lot of Cafes before , but unfortunately , I had to leave them for school and college .
I know how to deal with people , I 'm very sociable and would try my best to be the nicest person alive .
Work in the Cafe will also allow me to meet people from the neighborhood , which is very important for me right now , since I just moved in .
Sometimes I do n't have time for myself to have fun , and from what I can see from your place , it is very popular and full of fun people .
I can show all my recommendation letters from my previous jobs , but I 'll say right now that they all say good things about me .
I do n't want to look like a jerk , that 's not it .
I really work hard .
I take my jobs seriously and try my best to never let my bosses down .
I try to never let my personal problems interfere in my professional life , and if it does some day , I would ask you to tell me , so I can change .
I think you will like me .
I 'm very eclectic , but also fierce when I should be .
I always have respect for my bosses and , of course , clients .
I really want this .
It would mean so much to me .
I 'm totally free at weekends , so I can work long hours , plus I live very near and could help in some emergency if you need someday .
I will never miss a day , unless it is very important , you can be sure of that .
I may not know how to cook the usual food of the cafe , but I am a fast learner . I will only need one day to get used to the food and learn how to practise at home , and then it 's up to me to find a way to be good at it .
I 'll take my time to practise everything I can at home .
I wo n't be much trouble for anyone .
I could say that I am a funny person , but that would be a lie .
I 'm not .
My father said one day that , as a humorist , I 'm a very good singer , and I do n't even sing .
I 'll be nice , though .
I 'll make them love me .
I hope you can give me a chance to show how much I want this job .
Yours , Geédes .
Set in in late 1950s France , Chocolat deals with the topic of society discriminating against different people because of their being different : whether they are gypsies , women that do n't depend on men , or people that do n't share the Christian faith .
The plot revolves around Vianne Rocher , a single mother and chocolate expert , opening a ' chocolaterie ' right before Lent in a small , closed - minded French village , the mayor of which decides to boycott her .
During Lent , the protagonist gets to know other outcasts ( mainly women ) and helps them .
However , Vianne must learn to solve her own problems and change the course of her own life .
One of the strengths of the film is its star - studded cast : Juliette Binoche as Vianne , Alfred Molina as the mayor , Judi Dench as a grumpy , elderly woman resented with the oppressing society of the village , and a young Johnny Depp as a handsome gypsy arriving in town with his caravan .
Each and every one of the roles is beautifully written and the actors do n't fail in bringing them to life .
Besides the cast , I would like to highlight the original soundtrack .
It suits perfectly the theme of the movie , with a little bit of jazz manouche , a popular genre amongst European gypsy communities , and reminiscences of Mexican folklore , as the recipes Vianne Rocher prepares in the ' chocolaterie ' are a heritage from her Mayan ancestors .
If I had to find a downside to Chocolat , it would be that the film format does not allow us to have a deeper look into some of the characters and their story lines .
Had it not been written in the year 2000 , but today , I am sure that this story would have been turned into a successful TV series in which we could have learnt more about the past and the future of those fantastic characters .
All in all , this is a gripping , moving , and entertaining film that will make you reflect on some social issues .
A must - see if , like me , you enjoy cinema with strong female characters in the lead roles , but you do not necessarily want to watch another dramatic story .
Michael Clifford was a lucky man who had everything he could ever want : he was a thirty - year - old English businessman married to a sophisticated mathematician with whom he had two sons and a pretty , talented daughter . He owned a successful corporation and had a gorgeous chalet near the sea .
One night , having ended a meeting with an important sponsor , Michael decided to enter a pub with one of his colleagues in order to celebrate the successful meeting .
He hardly ever drank alcohol , but thought it would be impolite not to , as he had been invited by his colleague .
Therefore , he proceeded to have some drinks and to enjoy the night .
Later that night , while Michael was cheerfully chatting with the barman , his mobile phone emitted a sound .
He took a look at it and saw a message from his wife .
Worried , he opened it and read , in horror , how his wife had had an accident and was in hospital .
He rushed out of the pub , opened the car door and got inside , not knowing that he was to die in an accident because of his current state .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Travelling has become a great part of our daily lives , whether we only go to the nearby grocery store or choose to visit our relatives who live in another country .
Modern means of transport are constantly improving , being faster and more comfortable than ever before .
However , it is a wise decision to choose carefully between public and private transport , because they both have advantages and disadvantages depending on where we want to travel to .
On the one hand , private cars are great because they allow people to travel whenever they want .
This means they are able to have a flexible schedule .
Another advantage of cars is the fact that they are family friendly , meaning that people who use them do n't have to worry about travelling with strangers who might be dangerous .
On the other hand , cars are not only expensive to purchase , they also require fuel , which is very expensive .
Sometimes it is cheaper to use public transport , such as busses , trains or airplanes , depending on the distance .
Travelling across the Atlantic Ocean , for example , requires an airplane or a ship .
Trains are a great mode of transport across intercontinental distances , especially since they have become faster .
Statistically speaking , car accidents are much more frequent than plane crashes or train accidents , so public transport is not only cheaper sometimes , but it 's also safer and faster .
All in all , I believe that public transport will not disappear very soon .
Airplanes , busses , trains or ships are here to stay because they are more practical in some situations .
Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately .
Time was ticking by and he knew that if he did n't do it now , he would be in deep trouble , that his social life would be over .
" Tick " .
He seriously needed a break , a few minutes to relax .
" Tock " .
He was getting more and more nervous as the time passed by .
" Tick " .
Time was n't passing fast enough for Peter .
" Tock " .
He knew he was n't going to make it .
" Ring ! " The bell rang .
Peter flew from the classroom and tried to squeeze himself between the multiple students that were evacuating their classes .
All of them anxious to get outside and relax for a few hours , suffering from an endless punishment : knowledge .
As he got near his destination , the density of students seemed to grow and it was becoming even more difficult for him to advance in that sea of moving bodies .
Fortunately ,
the bathroom was just a few meters away .
Poland is classed as a country with a hard history and a lot of places remind us remind about that .
Besides their past , we can , fortunately , adore their beauty .
One of these places is , undoubtedly , Kazimierz , the Old Jewish district of Cracow .
In this small part of Cracow , you can meet with Jewish culture and architectural style .
First , you should visit the New Cemetery .
It was established in 1800 .
For those who enter , it will be an ' unforgettable ' experience .
You walk among ancient , fallen tombs shaded by tall trees of great age .
Then , you really must visit the synagogues : The Temple Synagogue , Isaac Synagogue , The Tall Synagogue and Remuh Synagogue .
The synagogue is still being used as a place of prayer for the few remaining Jewish people in Cracow or for visitors from Israel or other parts of the world .
For the history lovers , I recommend going to the Historical Museum of The History and Culture of Jewish People .
It is the oldest synagogue in Poland and was constructed in the XVth century .
Inside there is an impressive number of handicrafts , graphics and paintings .
Finally , you can do shopping in The New Square , a round trading hall .
You can buy almost everything there : fresh fruits , vegetables , and household products .
On Sundays , the range of products is much bigger .
If you are a good browser you may find some original souvenirs of Cracow to take home with you .
I think the Kazimierz is one of the most beautiful places in Poland .
It 's appealing and full of this eerie spirit of the past .
That 's why you must see it !
Parents face important decisions when raising children , not least of which is whether or not they should allow their children to keep a pet .
Some parents would gasp in horror and reject it when their child asks them if he can keep a pet , whereas other parents would be more than happy to let their children have a pet .
I believe that children should have pets because they can benefit from taking care of pets , especially in terms of their personal development .
Specifically , they learn to take responsibility when taking care of pets .
Take my cat , Luka , for example . I found it on the streets and felt like keeping it with me when I was 12 years old .
My mother told me that I would have to take care of it by myself when I went to ask her if I could keep the cat .
From that day , I started to take care of it on my own .
I took it to the hospital when it was sick , and gave it food when it needed to be fed .
I have therefore fostered a sense of responsibility since then .
So , according to my personal experiences , I think that children can benefit from keeping a pet .
Some people might argue that it is always parents who take care of the pets most of the time , instead of children themselves .
Namely , parents always do things for children , such as housework , homework , even taking care of the pets for their children .
Nevertheless , what those people have claimed is a digression from the topic here .
This does not suggest that children can not learn from having a pet .
Why children can not learn is because of their parents , not because of the pets .
In other words , taking care of pets is absolutely beneficial to children so long as they are given an opportunity .
Moreover , children can also learn to sympathize with others by keeping a pet , apart from leaning to be responsible .
For instance , when Luka died when I was 20 years old , I was so sad and heart - broken as if a member of our family had died .
After that day , I started to be able to sympathize with people who had lost their beloved ones because I have been through a similar situation .
Thus , keeping pets does enable people to be able to put themselves in others ' shoes .
Based upon my personal experiences , by taking care of pets , children can not only learn to take responsibility , but can also learn to sympathize with others .
In other words , keeping pets is beneficial to children in terms of their personal development .
On the other hand , if children are not allowed to keep a pet , the parents will have to come up with other ways to make the children both responsible and sympathetic .
We always believe that a city should never compromise the environment for the sake of development .
Not only financial development , but also the environment are essential to a healthy city .
With this belief , we endeavor to keep our city as clean and attractive as possible .
Here , we are proud to report our accomplishments thus far .
We stick to the principle of 3Rs , namely reduce , reuse and recycle .
Reducing waste at source is always our top priority and education is of the utmost importance in this regard .
Nothing is more difficult than changing one 's mindset given people 's inertia .
Hence , we have incorporated the concept of environmental protection into our curriculum so that students can develop an awareness of the matter at a young age .
Different activities , including seminars and exhibitions have been held in different districts to spread the message of environmental conservation across the community .
Recycling bins have been installed on every public housing estate and most housing estates , along with the road - side ones found in every district .
Public Housing Estate Recycle Competitions have also been held every year to promote the concept of recycling plastic , paper or tin and to help the residents cultivate such a habit in daily life .
We are glad that our work has started to bear fruits in recent years .
We have seen a great drop in the amount of solid waste .
Apart from keeping our city clean by reducing waste , we also dedicate ourselves to building a green city .
A tree planting campaign is carried out every year in cooperation with schools , community centres , etc .
Eco - tours are also promoted to educate the public and tourists to appreciate the beauty of nature and , above all , to arouse their awareness and cultivate a caring heart towards nature .
With concerted efforts , we have made great strides in environmental protection in recent years , as seen in the declining amount of waste and increasing amount of greenery .
We believe we will continue to make progress and make our home a better place to live in .
The round table ' Russia - Turkey : prospects of relations on the modern stage ' at St Petersburg State University .
On April 29 , 2014 , St. Petersburg state University hosted the round table " Russia - Turkey : prospects of relations on the modern stage " .
The event was held on the initiative of the Russian - Turkish Cultural Centre in St. Petersburg .
The questions discussed at the round table : " Moscow - Ankara : a new foreign policy and a new diplomacy " , " Energy cooperation as the core of the strategic partnership of Russia and Turkey in the XXI century " , " Eurasian dialogue : Russia - Turkey - historical and cultural experience of relationships .
Prospects for the future " , " Crimea between Russia , Ukraine and Turkey .
Historical and political analysis " , " Internal policy of Turkey and its impact on Russian - Turkish relations " and other aspects of political , economic and cultural cooperation between our countries .
The international round table was devoted to the study of Russian - Turkish relations .
Among those who delivered a speech at the opening were I.N. Novikova , the Dean of the SPSU School of International Relations and Professor ; V.S Yagja , the Head of the Department of World Politics of the SPSU School of International Relations , Doctor of History and Professor ; A.A. Sotnichenko , Associate Professor of the Department of Theory and History of International Relations of the SPSU School of International Relations ; Bekir Günay , Historian and Associate Professor of Istanbul University , the Director of the Eurasian Institute ; Ali Ertuğrul Turkeli , the General Secretary of the Turkish - Russian Cultural Foundation in Istanbul .
Işık Kuşçu , Associate Professor of the Technical University of the Middle East in Ankara , spoke about the Turkish perception of the Russian Diaspora and the Tatars in the Crimea .
Bekir Günay , the Director of the Eurasian Institute , Associate Professor , spoke about a new understanding of Eurasianism .
He also broached the subject of Eurasian Community development , noting that it 's very important whether it 's developing towards equality or dominance .
A.A. Sergunin , Professor of the Department of Theory and History of International Relations of the SPSU School of International Relations , Doctor of Political Science , gave a speech on the Eastern Partnership of the European Union .
Some issues of regional cooperation between Russia and Turkey were discussed by Irina Svistunova , the Candidate of Historical Sciences and senior researcher of the Russian Institute for Strategic Studies ( RISS ) .
A.A. Sotnichenko , Associate Professor of the Department of Theory and History of International Relations of the SPSU School of International Relations , analyzed Turkey 's policy regarding the accession of the Crimea to Russia .
Gumer Isaev , Candidate of Historical Sciences , the Director of the Institute of Russian Studies at the Turkish - Russian Cultural Foundation in Istanbul spoke about the cultural relations between our countries .
In particular , he applied the theory of Joseph Nye Jr. 's " soft power " to the relations between Russia and Turkey .
Other participants of the Turkish - Russian round table also talked about current issues of the history and current relations between the two Eurasian countries .
The participants answered many questions and heard out comments from the audience .
D.A. Ruschin , Associate Professor of the Department of Theory and History of International Relations of the SPSU School of International Relations drew attention to the problem of the existence of the self - appointed Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus in connection with the return of the Crimea to Russia .
He also referred to the recent action of the Turkish authorities on the sudden introduction of new requirements regarding the expiration of foreign passports .
Just before the beginning of the mass tourism season in Turkey , it was announced that the passport should be valid at least four months from the date of entry .
Fortunately , Turkey postponed the law coming into force .
The round table at St. Petersburg State University attracted quite a large audience .
During the break , the participants enjoyed traditional Turkish sweets .
People often forget how important it is to help save the environment on a day - to - day basis , yet I believe it is not only the first step , but the most important to public awareness .
Living in a big city , I can cycle to work every day , which I believe is a great way to exercise and reduce my environmental footprint .
Besides , cycling along a canal allows me to witness flowers and trees blossoming and chicks growing up , reminding me of the beauty of nature .
However , I believe that it is at home that I contribute most to saving natural resources ; we are , obviously , very careful with turning off the taps when we wash our hands , brush our teeth and so on , and we recycle as much as possible .
Yet , our most rewarding action has been starting a compost .
We feed worms our food and organic waste , which has drastically decreased it .
Moreover , we now use the compost for our garden patch and cacti .
Another good point : we have converted our next door neighbour !
Composting has made us more aware of our waste and the amount of packaging in the items we buy .
I 'd definitely recommend it to everyone , whether they live in a flat or in a house with a garden .
Shopping is not always enjoyable .
We live in the century of mass consumption , when shopping requires more and more time out of our daily routines .
For some , this activity is a torture ; for others it is the most pleasurable way of spending free time .
But have you ever gone to the shop just for milk and bread and come back with a full bag of goods but no bread ?
First of all , shopping is unavoidable as it is necessary to shop for food .
It depends on the person how often he goes to buy groceries , probably according to individual needs .
Most consumers do not count time spent in food stores , as they have their own habits and their attitudes towards shopping .
Some people choose bigger supermarkets as they offer a greater variety of goods , but require more time , while others just pop into the closest store and do their shop weekly .
If you have a ready - made shopping list , it saves your time and energy , so that you do not need to wander between aisles in the grocery store .
When it comes to parties , it is even more time consuming and irksome than ordinary shopping .
Moreover , the most annoying is the last stage of buying goods - waiting in queues in order to pay .
The queue you are standing in always seems to be the longest .
Secondly , shopping in supermarkets is extremely irritating before annual celebrations , or during seasonal sales .
Hundreds gather there , parking spaces are full , again facing long queues in stores - no matter how unpleasant it sounds , it is the reality nowadays .
People become crazy , agitated or bored while shopping .
Afterwards , some get into their cars and get stuck in traffic jams on the way home , it causes more tension and destroys your mood !
Also , some people spend huge sums of money on things that are not essential . They are attracted by commercials , advertisements , sales assistant recommendations , so they do not follow their budgets by buying everything , as they are excited by the shopping process itself . It causes regrets and financial problems afterwards .
Finally , it may be very tiring , as you may waste precious time just walking around and not finding the thing you are interested in and need .
Then you feel tired and depressed about the idea of keeping on looking for it in another place .
On the other hand , the majority feel lazy and they go shopping just for special occasions , without any rush , they dedicate time in search of fashionable clothes , best quality garments , stylish items .
It comes as no surprise that women love shopping .
Although shopping may be entertaining , it is still a time - consuming and tiresome job .
Being busy and spending time looking for clothes , presents , souvenirs , furniture or healthcare products , especially for women , may be a perfect way of spending even all day .
On the other hand , searching for your favourite brands , non - seasonal products , some special goods , just looking through shelves , trying the garments on , asking for advice , testing products , there is plenty of work to do to make a perfect purchase .
This may be the reason why some go for bread and milk and forget about it after entering a colourful and attractive store .
All in all , I strongly believe that shopping is not enjoyable for the vast majority .
Fortunately , this unavoidable part of our lives is not that problematical anymore , as we may experience the pleasures of online shopping without leaving home .
It is a perfect alternative to save time , money and energy for those who are not that keen to hit the mall .
The letter that changed my life
It all began with my older sister Jennifer , as everything used to begin with her .
She always wanted to be in the spotlight , and she had always succeeded , since everyone adored her .
Quite understandable , because Jennifer had the most beautiful , big blue eyes as well as thick blonde hair , a magnificent smile and an outstanding shape .
Until we received that remarkable letter , I had always been in her shadow .
Anyway , just before the letter arrived , we were sitting in the living room .
I was doing homework , while Jennifer was posing for the mirror . "
Oh my God , I look absolutely gorgeous in this dress ! , " she shouted . "
Do n't you think I should wear this during the premiere ? "
She was expecting a letter from the local drama club , in which they would reveal the character list of their new play .
Jennifer had auditioned , and she was 100% sure that she would be the lead woman .
I had also auditioned , only because my best friends pushed me very hard , and I was 100% sure that I would n't even get a small role in the play .
Then , suddenly , we heard something falling on the doormat . "
Oh my God , oh my God , that must be the letter from the drama club ! " , Jennifer screamed .
She immediately ran to the doormat , ran back to the living room and showed me the envelope in her hands .
I looked up as she opened the envelope .
Jennifer started to read the letter aloud , very excited - at first .
" Dear Jennifer and Carly Brown , We are delighted to inform you that Carly has been chosen to be the lead woman in our new play .
Well done , Carly !
We found your audition amazing .
Unfortunately , your audition was really bad , Jennifer , so we could not give you a role in our play .
Kind regards , The Cornish Drama Club . "
I could n't believe my ears ! I , Carly Brown , the insipid and far less interesting sister of the great Jennifer Jones , the most beautiful girl in town , had been chosen to become the lead woman in a big play !
I , and not my sister !
She was n't even given a small role in the play .
From that moment on , I haven't been in Jennifer 's shadow anymore - she has been in my shadow .
The industrial revolution took place in England from the end of the 18th century to the middle of the 19th and it completely transformed this place .
The English economy changed from an agricultural one to an industrial one : in England there was an increase in pollution and also terrible hygiene conditions , the landscape changed a lot and also houses , shops and people .
These big changes influenced poetry a lot and we can see that , for example , in Blake , because in " The Tyger " he uses a lot of colors referring to industrial life ( red , orange , silver .. ) and he describes the Tyger 's creator as an artisan that creates it in a furnace .
In contrast , the American and French revolutions are important because they introduced the ideas of freedom , fraternity and equality , so these concepts also strongly influenced the poetry of the period .
We can see the conceit of freedom in Shelley 's " Ode to the West Wind " , where the wind is wild and it is the very symbol of freedom ; in contrast , in the " Rime of the Ancient Mariner " , we can see the brotherhood of mariners on the ship and of party guests and also the equality of all God 's creatures .
The idea of brotherhood is present also in " I Wandered Lonely as a Cloud " by Wordsworth , because he sees nature , daffodils in this case , as a friend to men .
During the last thirteen years , the cost of living has been significantly increasing in most countries .
This change makes most people have to work every day , even using their private time , so they need to find out the best way to save their time and boost their energy after work .
Fast food is one of the ways to solve that problem .
This essay will examine some advantages and disadvantages of eating fast food .
There are huge positive effects of eating fast food .
First of all is convenience .
People who have just done their work are very hungry ; they can not go home and cook their diet meals by themselves but their bodies need to be provided with energy in order to sustain their lives and continue their jobs , so junk food is considered the best way to solve the hunger .
To make it clear , the bosses , who are always busy in their business , usually eat fast food , they go to KFC or Lottie Mart to buy it , they even might order fast food by phone because of fast delivery .
In addition , junk food is very easy to find .
There are numerous stores and restaurants which have junk food built everywhere .
Therefore , finding a good place to buy and enjoy a meal of fast food is not so difficult and it will not take time for people to go back to their work on time .
On the other hand , eating fast food frequently may lead to some negative effects on customer 's health .
Firstly , fast food is unhealthy .
Junk food contains a lot of unhealthy chemicals and a high percentage of fat and cholesterol , which are the biggest factors leading customers to obesity and cancers .
According to scientists , people who usually eat a lot of junk food will have more than 50% risk of becoming obese and even dying soon .
Furthermore , most junk food just solves hunger in a short time and then it will quickly return to the customers after they have felt full .
Finally , there is the loss of traditional meals .
People prefer buying and eating fast food to making a healthy meal .
As a consequence , they gradually forget how to cook a simple meal and the diversity of healthy food is gradually lost .
In conclusion , there are a lot of advantages and disadvantages of fast food .
Some advantages are that fast food can help to save time and deal with the temporary hunger of white - collar workers , but it can also harm their health .
The customer should be careful before they choose fast food as part of their daily diet .
Facebook is the most popular social networking site of all time .
Within 6 years , Facebook has reached more than 1 billion users and is still growing rapidly .
I would n't consider myself against it , although I am aware of the risks .
First of all , I think Facebook , for example , is a great way for shy people to socialize , because it can boost their self - esteem , considering the fact that they do n't have to meet anyone face - to - face .
It 's also great if we want to manage our friendships , or create new ones .
As a shy person , I can confirm the differences between real life and virtual interaction .
Social networking sites also benefit those who have " unusual " hobbies or those who have a hard time finding people with similar interests .
For example , if you want to find someone who likes the same movie genres or series on social media , all you have to do is type in an interest .
On the other hand , we are also exposed to many risks , such as cyberbullying or online predators .
While it can seem harmless , cyberbullying causes many problems for teenagers , such as depression , suicidal thoughts or even worse .
Spending too much time on the internet also has harmful effects on our family lives , because we tend to forget how important it is to spend time with those who love us .
To conclude , although social media seem flawless , we should always be careful and responsible before we sign up .
Dear Camp Director ,
I saw the advertisement for a job to work on this summer camp .
I really think I would be the right person for this .
I have always wanted to be part of something like this .
I am really hardworking and love kids . I used to babysit for my neighbour 's kids , so looking after kids will be easy for me .
I am also very cheerful and energetic , and am very good at organising fun activities .
Working in the kitchen does not seem so bad either , because I know that everything depends on our attitude and if I have a positive attitude . I 'll have a good time no matter if I 'm doing a fun activity or cleaning dishes .
I hope you think I 'm the right person for this . I think this would be a great experience for me as well as for the kids .
People and Change
This is certainly true and corresponds with my experience .
Some people do manage to stay in the same place all their lives and even work for the same company , while others are much more mobile in terms of their jobs and homes .
I feel that this can be attributed , in the first instance , to the changing nature of modern societies .
In the past , it was the norm for people to live in a limited geographical area all their lives and be involved in the same type of occupation all their working lives .
There was simply no alternative to this , especially if you lived in an agricultural society .
However , with the rise of industry and specialized companies , it became possible for workers to move jobs , often to places far away .
Following on from this , as a society 's wealth increased , people had skills and training to allow them to be much more selective about which employer they want to work for and choices about how and when they wanted to change the type of job they wished to do .
We are , therefore , in a situation in many countries today where being highly mobile is something
that people take for granted and regard as perfectly normal .
With the opportunity for change comes choice , although circumstances , economic and personal , can often force people to do what they might not normally choose .
Therefore , it happens that some people want change in their lives but are not able to effect it .
This might be because they have strong obligations to family , might need to look after someone or might simply not have marketable skills to find a livelihood somewhere else .
There are others , of course , who are quite happy to live and work in the same place all their lives because they do not think moving would enhance their lives .
Some are happy to stay put because they would find it very stressful to endure change .
It is perhaps the majority nowadays who find change refreshing because of the new opportunities it holds out and the possibilities of getting on professionally and socially .
For myself , I very much belong to this group .
Even though the boat was ready to go , Jessica was afraid of it breaking into pieces again . She could almost foresee that forthcoming heavy rain destroying her boat , so she had an idea .
She tied the boat with long and very strong fabric made out of synthetic fibers that she found on the plane . She also used nails to attach some new and more resistant wood to the boat .
She was ready to leave , but something inside her was telling her to stay . The boat was very strong , but not enough to travel for days and maybe weeks across the ocean . She was afraid .
Meanwhile , Jacob was completely in love with that girl he met weeks before . Her name was Scarlett . She said that her dad was in the military and was working on a high - tech portable device that would change gravity to low levels and for a short period of time , like a fraction of a second , but it was later suspended because their boss told them it was very dangerous to experiment on and it was going to be very expensive . But as her dad continued with the experiment , his boss got so mad he kicked them out of the city onto that mysterious island .
She also explained that they did n't know how the majority of people on the island got there , because not all of them spoke the same language , but they learned how to communicate with signs .
They had a lot of things in common , they liked the same kind of music , the same kind of food and they both liked to read fantasies and comics .
Jacob asked her again if she wanted to go with him to a better place , but she still refused , until she accepted with only one condition : if all her family could go with them .
Jacob asked Jessica if they could leave the island with Scarlett 's family . She was not happy about it , but she said yes .
But they needed to make the boat even stronger and more rigid so it would support all the family and all the extra food they would need .
Abortion is a controversial issue in our society today .
Some Pro - choice groups and individuals believe that a person has the right of choice . This includes the right to decide if they want to give birth or not .
Contradicting the Pro - choice groups , Pro - life supporters consider terminating any pregnancy unjustifiable .
Even though in some circumstances , such as life - threatening and sexual - abuse pregnancies , it could be the best thing to do .
Hence , every woman must be able to have an abortion as a choice .
Abortion can be given as an option in life-threatening.pregnancies .
The presence of a mother is important in a child 's life , especially in the first few months .
During the first months , the relationship between a mother and a child develops rapidly .
The baby 's inborn capacity for imitation and regulation of visual and auditive stimulation , is gradually patterned and this is supported by the mother 's empathetic response .
( Lier.l,1988 )
This natural process would be interrupted by the absence of the mother and the child 's development could be negatively influenced in this case .
Development of emotional and psychological problems because of maternal deprivation can be a result .
The child will have difficulties building and sustaining relationships during adult life .
Because of this risk , abortion can be considered an option .
Besides , abortion could also be considered in the case of conception as a result of sexual abuse .
Conception as a result of sexual abuse is not uncommon and , in these cases , abortion should be a choice .
Sexual violence has a devastating impact on victims , all areas of a victim 's life are affected .
Recovering is a hard and complicated process and when you add a pregnancy to this equation it just makes it even more painful .
In fact , this is the main reason why sexually assaulted victims choose to have an abortion .
Many victims believe that the additional trauma related to carrying their rapist 's child can be avoided by terminating the pregnancy , and therefore help them put the assault behind them and recover more quickly .
Even though , not all victims will choose to have an abortion , it has to be given as an option .
Even if abortion has to be given as a choice in special cases , it is not a solution to accidental pregnancies .
It is for the person who decides to have coitus to make sure they use an appropriate contraceptive .
Otherwise , you may run the risk of people seeing abortion as an easy way to get rid of an unwanted pregnancy .
In order to prevent this , it is important to apply strict guidelines regarding situations where abortion is given as an option .
Abortion only has to be approved as an option in life - threatening pregnancies or if the mother has been sexually molested .
Undeterred by this , it is still the mother 's decision if she wants to save her own life or carry and care for her rapist 's child .
I am pleased to recommend Dr. Oscar Montés for a teaching position at IHME and the Department of Global Health within the School of Medicine and the School of Public Health at the University of Washington .
I had the opportunity to be a student of and work as a research assistant with Dr. Montés in the same field .
I can definitely affirm that he has excellent teaching skills .
I took the following subjects : Master 's degree final project II , Global Health , and Health Systems under the tutoring of Mr Montés .
He taught people from different backgrounds , undergraduate and postgraduate students , and managed to explain difficult public health topics marvellously .
Also , in Master 's degree final project II , Dr Montés helped us to accomplish the master 's degree thesis with excellence .
In my work as a research assistant for Dr. Montés , I experienced great learning in many fields , not only in Public Health topics , but also in research methodology , public speaking , and writing .
I witnessed and learned from his ability to work with other faculties , such as Faculty of Medicine , Department of Engineering , Faculty of Economics , and School of Law .
I attended policy making forums and events where Dr Montés was a speaker and his opinion was highly respected .
Moreover , we developed projects with multidisciplinary teams for the following institutions : the Colombian Ministry of Health , and the World Bank , with excellent results .
I think Dr Montés fulfils the requirements of the position you offer .
Since he has great expertise in teaching , and is an excellent boss , respectful of the opinion , time , and personal background of everybody .
I think that he will be a great asset to your college .
I 'm writing in response to the letter Professor Collins wrote to you .
In the letter he complained about the out - of - date system of schools in Italy and he made some suggestions about how this could be overcome by major educational reforms .
First of all , the professor says that the majority of Italian teachers are not well prepared to do their work and , consequently , students do n't achieve the skills they should to succeed in a future job , but I do n't agree with this statement .
I think that the real problem that makes our schools so out - of - date compared to those of other countries is the way teachers communicate with students and transmit their knowledge to them
As a matter of fact , students are often seen as empty pitchers ready to be filled by as much information as they can contain .
Teachers should n't talk about their subjects without caring if their students are really listening to what they 're saying or not , and they should n't let them study just because they must .
They should make their students experience school as a pleasant experience , as something their future is based on .
Secondly , in his letter , the professor suggests that schools should spend more money on computer equipment .
I agree with this recommendation because I think it 's important for schools to make the same progress society does year by year , always offering new materials and technologies , such as computers or interactive whiteboards in classrooms , making studying more interesting and sometimes also easier .
This is what , in my opinion , must be changed in schools to satisfy society 's needs and overcome the old and inappropriate " out - of - date " system .
Should schools spend more on computers and software than on textbooks ?
Nowadays , students can work with computers at school and most of them have one at home .
Many people feel that it is good to make their student life easier .
However , it also has some disadvantages .
On the one hand , I firmly believe that students can find more valuable information in textbooks because they have existed for many centuries .
For this reason , I believe that they have more reliable content .
Furthermore , if you go to a library , you could spend all day reading books and learning about different things because in these places there are many ancient books .
On the other hand , I personally think that pupils enjoy working with textbooks more because they can do this activity with classmates and they can help each other .
Also , in my opinion , young people should not use computers for too much time , because this could be dangerous for their health , causing sight problems or headaches .
Taking everything into account , in my opinion , every student should have a good encyclopaedia at home because it is much better for their education .
There are a lot of people I admire , starting with my own parents , as they have to work so hard to make ends meet and to pay the rent as well as their employees and to give us - my brother and me - a good life today and tomorrow .
When talking about famous people , I usually point out J.K. Rowling .
As a writer - to - be , I admire her work creating a fantastic world of magic and epic as well as dark characters who are recognizable all around the globe .
That is why , in fact , I am a big fan of George R.R. Martin as well .
His ' Song of fire and ice ' saga has been brought into the television world with the title Game of Thrones and it is currently receiving awards as the best TV drama series of all time .
However , when talking about great achievements , I will always talk about people like Nelson Mandela , Martin Luther King or Rosa Parks .
My fascination for those people is that they fought for their people 's rights , the black race 's rights , in a world of white people treating them as slaves and bullying them .
That is why , nowadays , I feel a huge admiration for Malala Youszafi .
She 's an Indian teenage girl and fights for education all over the world .
And not only for boys but for girls too .
In her country , education for girls was forbidden but she stood up against this situation , going to school and even being shot for that .
But she never stopped .
She never stops .
Because knowledge is the best weapon we have got against those who want to rule us as they want .
I am at home in my lovely house , where I love every detail of the interior , where everything is in its place .
Our house is clean and comfortable , me and my family love to spend time at home .
I have two lovely kids .
My elder son is 20 already .
It is the weekend and we are all together today .
Every weekend we leave everything and meet to spend time together , to share news , love and plans .
We play piano , sing favorite songs , play board games , we laugh a lot and love these weekends together very much .
Sometimes , our kids invite friends and today my son came with his girlfriend .
I am calm and confident .
After all the courses that I 've done , I am wise and do n't talk a lot .
I enjoy every moment and people love to be with me .
Next to me , everybody feels calm and confident . I 've learned a lot in the last 15 years .
And you will hardly recognize the old me .
Every word I say , I say for a reason .
My kids are proud to have parents like me and my husband .
Together we make this world a better place .
We found a way to help a lot of people to live a happy life and enjoy what they have .
It is my birthday tomorrow .
We 've planned a nice event to celebrate my 50th .
Friends , colleagues , family all those people who were next to me on my way to this wonderful day .
The day when I am proud of myself , happy to look back and curious to look forward .
If you 've been following my blog , you 'll know that I 've been on a journey of discovery and creation concerning using technology to create materials and using technology to teach .
I have just started teaching a new , face - to - face group of adults .
I was excited to get back into the classroom . I would mainly teach online that day , and try out some of my new skills on a group .
I checked the equipment : I had a computer and projector , both in good working order , a fast internet connection and a full class .
I was ready and raring to go .....
As soon as the lights went out , the atmosphere changed in the classroom and I felt the tension rise .
One student said that she could n't see well , another student complained that the writing was too small , another felt she was getting too hot from the projector .
The group 's native language is Amharit ; they have all had to learn Hebrew , so English is a third or , for some of them , a fourth language .
I 'd chosen a method of teaching that was not suitable for the group .
This is a group of beginners , the experience of a first lesson with a new teacher is daunting enough , without adding unfamiliar technology and teaching methods .
So I switched off the projector , took out my whiteboard pen , dusted off my flash cards and reverted to traditional methods of teaching .
We 've had three lessons so far and I 'm thoroughly enjoying teaching this group ; it 's a pleasure to teach face - to - face and a challenge to teach adults at this level ; it 's really great to get ' back to basics ' .
This experience has reminded me that although there are many advantages to using technology in the class room , it 's not always appropriate and it 's helped me to establish some equilibrium in my teaching methods .
Instead of creating some online lessons for this wonderful group , I have taken the opportunity to create some new printable materials to hand out in class .
This post will be the first of three on the topic of the Present Simple tense , it contains a printable infographic covering the basics of the Present Simple and two printable worksheets .
Are young people less healthy than they were years ago ?
Nowadays , there is an increasing concern about the health of young people , since there is no doubt that it is getting worse .
To begin with , recent statistics reveal that the number of obese adolescents is rising .
As well as that , the lifestyle of our society is pushing us to be more passive .
And last but not least , it seems that new technologies are not helping to develop young people 's social and intellectual skills .
The reasons could be , firstly , fast food is cheaper and very accessible for young people .
In addition , spending too much time on activities like watching TV , surfing the Internet or playing video games prevent them from doing sports .
And finally , teenagers may be becoming more dependent and introverted because of electronic devices such as mobile phones or personal computers .
Actually , it is not complicated to change habits in order to be healthier .
For instance , filling the fridge with a large amount of fresh fruit and vegetables , doing some exercise and having some fun with friends regularly .
Hi Ben
How are you ? I 'm taking a year off and staying in London for six months , so I hope you can help me if it is n't too much to ask .
I 'd like to find a part - time job but , first of all , I have to find an apartment to live in , so I was wondering if you could look for a small apartment where I can live . It would be better if it 's near the underground station and in the city centre so that I can go sightseeing in my free time .
Maybe you would n't mind helping me to find a job .
Would you be so kind as to let me know if there are some restaurants or pubs that need staff ?
I 'm looking for a well - paid job , because I know that houses are expensive in the city centre .
I 'm looking forward to being there . I also need to take a rest and that 's the reason why I want to find a part - time and not a full - time job .
I hope I 'm not asking too much and I 'd be really pleased if you 'd give me your help .
Thank you very much .
Love , Valeria
Advances in computer science have created a tremendous leap in technical innovations .
One of the most recent outstanding innovations is robotics .
Lavine , Voss and Coontz ( 2007 ) define robotics as the combination of " automation with action and at times a considerable amount of mobility " which is " becoming more and more humanoid"(p .
1083 ) .
The more computer science influences humans ' lives , the more important a status robotics has in the field of engineering .
Only a decade ago , robotics was limited to scientific research .
However , today , it is used in more fields , such as medical treatment , elderly - nursing and archaeological studies , as well as education .
This essay will discuss the current social consequences of robotics in the area of education , and then conclude by commenting on its possible future implications .
In the first place , robotics activity could provide learners with real situations which are related to irrelative courses , especially in scientific and medical ones .
Tanzawa et al . (
2012 ) described an experiment by Showa University which aimed to test how well dental students could deal with emergency situations .
The result indicated that although the patients were merely robots , out of 98 candidates , only 22% of students gave the diagnoses correctly .
From a survey , 78% and 72% of students considered robot patients to be useful in medical emergency and risk training , whilst 63% of them thought it had great value in training for surgical treatment .
It is obvious that in this experiment , students could acquire knowledge more effectively and teachers could also identify weaknesses of students specifically .
Second , robotics can be taken advantage of to make studying and teaching effective and efficient .
The University of Southern Denmark conducted an experiment which aimed to examine how well robotics techniques named I - BLOCKS ( a modular electronic building block system ) could do at language tests .
Surprisingly , the result illustrated that these robots can not only put words in the right order grammatically , but also recognise whether a sentence is correct or not .
Furthermore , the I - BLOCKS application could also build structures of robots which are able to react to their surroundings , and build binary expressions to calculate in real - time and show both final results and sub - results ( Lund , Marti , & Palma , as cited in Nielsen & Lund , 2008 ) .
With the help of robotics , like I - BLOCKS , students and teachers might spend less time on studying , and some sophisticated processes are simplified as well .
Nevertheless , robotics is not that satisfying because it is complicated to operate , which is always the reason why operators are distracted .
Suh et al . ( 2010 ) described an experiment that aimed to test differences of time on operating robots for doing tasks .
Two groups of participants were asked to do a suture - tying task and a secondary task with distraction , such as decision - making , memory - task .
They are Group A : ten medical students aged 19 - 27 who only had general knowledge about surgery , and Group B : four experienced surgical postgraduates .
It was found that there was an apparent difference in average speed and completion time when comparing tasks by students with basic knowledge and those from another group .
Moreover , in the task with distraction , the experienced group was 1/3 - 1/2 faster at analyzing .
Even though it becomes more efficient to study with robotics ' help , complicated operating requires a lot of time .
Perhaps being familiar with robotics and good at operating could help out with this shortcoming .
Today , more people , not only in the field of education , but also in different fields , have made use of robotics as tools to deepen their exploration and studies .
It is possible that robotics will be a normal part of individuals ' lives .
Mordoch et al.(2012 ) conducted some examples into robotics in daily lives : social human - robot , social assistive robot , therapeutic robot , mental commitment robot , care robot , robot - therapy .
For a country , robotics could be a new weapon in the future technological wars .
However , there is some debate that it is unethical to let warrior robots participate in modern wars and fight with real soldiers ( Troop , 2012 ) .
Because of its unlimited potential , robotics will be used far more widely in the future .
However , the disadvantages of robotics and some social or ethical problems should be considered carefully when robotics is contributing to humans ' lives .
In conclusion , with technology and computer science developing , the application of robotics widens from scientific research to a variety of fields now .
Besides its influences on education , robotics has an effect on medical treatment , nursing and even design for future war as well .
Even though robotics brings more beneficial consequences and advantages than disadvantages , its shortcomings still should not be neglected and more scientific research should be done to improve the application of robotics .
Is there no future for public transport ?
It directly depends on the city in which you live but , as time goes by , public transport becomes more and more necessary .
Living in a big city is always a big challenge .
You usually have to commute to work and it takes you several hours per week to get to your office .
Public transport allows you to save time and money on commuting .
Besides , it offers you spare time to read and listen to music , provided you can find a seat and have a calm trip .
Public transport is so necessary in big cities that the car industry is continuously developing new means of transport .
Not only can customers choose a wide range of transport to commute in , but they can also discover technologies that are not available for private purposes .
On the other hand , public transport is not so accepted in small villages , as it is not possible to offer a wide range of services and timetables .
In small towns and villages it is easiest to travel by car .
In any case , public transport is far from having no future .
On the contrary , it should widen its goals and continue offering new services for the time being .
There are so many nice places in Russia .
They are scattered across the city .
Every place has its own distinct features .
Some places have scenic beauty in abundance , while many are famous for their architectural wonders .
In addition , every person has different tastes , choices and preferences .
Some people enjoy the sight of scenic beauty ; some are attracted towards places of historical and archaeological interest .
I have visited many historical and tourist places in many countries , like Belgium , Great Britain , Spain and others .
But the visit which made a lasting impression on my mind is the visit to Red Square .
It is the most beautiful place I have ever seen in Moscow .
Nowhere expresses Moscow , Russia 's vast and ancient capital , like Red Square .
An enormous 400 by 150 metres , Red Square lies in the centre of Moscow and on its four sides stand the Kremlin , GUM ( Department Store ) , the State Historical Museum and the Cathedral of the Protection of Most Holy Theotokos ( aka St. Basil 's Cathedral ) ; centres of government , commerce , history and religion .
The square is also home to Lenin 's tomb , a granite mausoleum to the revered founder of Socialism .
The must - see place is St. Basil 's Cathedral , the beautiful architectural symbol of Russia .
It includes domes , cupolas , arches , towers , and spires and is sure to inspire you every bit as much in real life as in the photos .
At the northern end of the square you will find the State History Museum with its huge collection of artefacts charting Russia 's past right back to the stone age .
All these and many more , like its cultural places , famous streets connected to the square and gorgeous as well as old buildings make it the " spirit of Moscow " .
Indeed , the beauty of Moscow is enchanting and has a unique spirit .
Compare and contrast Dickens ' and the Brontë sisters ' style of writing .
The main feature of Dickens ' and the Brontë sisters ' style of writing is realism .
All these Victorian novelists use very detailed descriptions of places , people and feelings in order to make their novels as realistic as possible .
Anyway , Dickens ' style is that of sentimental realism , which mixes comedy and pathos , while the Brontë sisters ' realism is full of Romantic and Gothic elements and it 's widely influenced by the desolate English Moors , where they grew up .
In addition , Dickens , as well as Charlotte and Emily Brontë in some of their novels , quite frequently uses first - person narration .
For example , in " David Copperfield " , Dickens 's most autobiographical novel , the story is told through a first - person narration from the point of view of the protagonist as an adult .
Charlotte Brontë uses the same technique in Jane Eyre , her masterpiece .
Finally , in all cases , the stylistic choices are closely linked with the themes they deal with , which always concerned social issues .
Tennis is made of several ingredients : suspense , emotions , physical skills and training are combined with tactics and intelligence .
Athletic performance is definitely enhanced by having a fine physique and natural skills .
Nevertheless , a strong and balanced mind plays a huge role in the game of tennis , as shown by famous tennis champions , like Michael Chang and Justine Henin .
Much shorter than their fellow tennis players , they have always been able to compensate for their physical shortcomings with an extremely good technique accompanied by a strong head .
Moreover , tennis can be seen as a metaphor of life .
You are alone on the tennis court facing your opponent .
It is a battle where you can count only on yourself .
Though you might be fighting for a long time and getting more and more tired , you have to search for the strength inside yourself to continue and reach the end of the tennis match .
Tennis also gives a message of hope .
You must never surrender : until the last ball has bounced twice on the ground , you have to keep fighting , regardless of the score .
Fate may play a role , but you still have to try and bring out the best in yourself .
Tennis is considered a very individualistic sport .
Nonetheless , it helps to shape your own personality .
I would definitely recommend anyone who would like to start this sport to approach it with a good spirit .
Although it might look difficult at the beginning , with time , you will come to realise how tennis will positively impact on your personal well - being .
Dear Chris ,
I 'm glad I ' ve finally heard from you after all this time .
It 's been a long time , so how have you been ?
And how are your wife and kids holding up ?
Anyway , great to hear that you got the job you really wanted and that you are enjoying it quite a lot .
I 'm pleasantly surprised by you visiting this part of the country , but let 's have fun together !
However cool to hear that you 're coming to Enschede in a month 's time !
I 'm available whenever you are , so it 's an affable idea to meet up and hang out .
We could go shopping in the city centre . They have some very cool stores that we both will be able to enjoy , even a Primark and I haven't seen any shops anywhere else yet .
Also , there is a huge and cool movie theatre where we could watch a film together , since they 've got some very exciting films coming out .
Or else there are some pubs we could visit . Most of the time I quite enjoy going to a pub on the weekends myself , but it 's all up to you .
They even have a football stadium , so if you want to do that as well , let me know .
If you need a place to stay , I have a guestroom available , but that 's entirely up to you .
I hope I will hear from you soon !
Talk to you later !
Love ,
Marenka
Dear John ,
I 'm sorry it took me so long to reply .
I 've had lots of things on my mind recently , especially after my mom died .
It was very considerate of you to send condolences , so please , have my thanks .
It 's great to hear that you 've found the perfect job .
I 'm still looking for one suitable for me .
Last summer I thought I had found it .
It was a small job in the local cinema and my main task was to help people find their places and help them with all the food they had .
Earlier , there have been many accidents with food flying all over the place , because people tripped a lot .
When I was there , I did my job pretty well , and I quite enjoyed it .
Why ?
Because I love talking to people and spending time with them and that job gave me that opportunity .
Also , the staff there was very nice and they wanted me to stay , but I needed more money , so unfortunately , I could n't .
I ca n't wait to hear more about your work , you seemed very excited about it .
Tell me more about the people you work with and how you feel there .
I 'm looking forward to hearing from you .
All the best ,
Daria
It was a cold night in November . I was exploring a lost temple with my friend Michael . We had been looking for that temple since our teen years : the temple of the silent cartographer .
The legend says that all the maps of the world are hidden in the temple , protected by a guardian called Soneka the dreamer . He is an ancient warrior and his objective is to kill everyone who tries to steal the maps of the cartographer .
At the entrance of the temple were two statues . The first was white and the second red . The statues were carrying a sword made of gold and diamonds . Those swords were used to fight Soneka and to open the gate of the cartographer . Once we passed the sculptures , our objective was to kill the beast and grab the map of the golden city .
Then we heard a loud noise coming from inside the temple . It was Soneka . His appearance was glorious ; a big warrior wearing golden armor and carrying a big sword , his skills were unmatched , he was faster than the speed of sound . Our only chance was to run to the vault of the cartographer , but only one can pass through the door of the cartographer . Michael decided to stay outside the vault . I ran into the cartographer 's temple and Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Since the concept and preliminary implementation model of the Yiddish Centre was developed in my office , it was expected that World ORT would participate in the project in a few capacities , rather than just including a Yiddish component in our events , subject to the theme .
Some of the aspects were discussed during my meeting with Mordechai in August .
I think that , as Robert once recommended , we should discuss the whole spectrum of our cooperation , not just the seminars , define the feasible components , and have a WJC - WO MOU on such subject signed .
Please give me or David a call should you wish to discuss this further .
Nowadays , travelling by car is much more common than we could ever have imagined .
And because history has a way of repeating itself , I truly believe that the olden days of using public transport are making a comeback .
On the one hand , owning a car means independence , so that , we can travel anywhere we want , whenever we want , without being tied down to a set timetable and , furthermore , it is certainly more comfortable than public transport .
On the other hand , today we are forced to share transport with other people due to economic problems that our country is facing .
People do not earn as much money as they used to . In fact , they earn a lot less .
This means that people can not afford a car and all the expenses that come with it .
Therefore , even though a car is more convenient and more comfortable than any form of public transport , it is also less economical than the latter , which leaves people with no other choice than to use public transport .
Hi John :
How are you doing ? I 've heard on the grapevine that you 're making a killing with your latest PC program .
In contrast , I 'm just getting used to looking things up every day on my computer .
I usually check my e - mail in the mornings just after having breakfast .
One piece of good news is that I finally gave in and bought my first Smartphone .
It has turned out to be very handy .
I can answer my e - mails immediately .
It 's very handy because I read the newspapers online and for free , but only the Spanish papers .
I also like to have a look at the foreign newspapers but they only let you read the headlines and the beginning of the article .
I always thought that the Internet was amazing , but now I even surf the web to find some solutions to my children 's homework .
The other day I found a webpage about Paris .
It 's like a blog but it 's written by many people who write their impressions of beautiful sights .
I think it 'll be very useful for your next trip to Paris .
Well , that 's all for now . I hope to hear from you soon .
Best
Javier .
1 . INTRODUCTION
The aim of this paper is to show , through a transitivity analysis of the lyrics from three different songs , how language has influenced roles of gender
The questions we are going to answer about these songs are :
• Although the performers are women , is the language used sexist ?
• Does anyone feel like a victim ?
The structure is divided into these sections :
- Method : Data selection- The three songs we will be analyzing and the reasons why we 've chosen them
- Theoretical background- A review of our knowledge .
We will explain some concepts that we will use later in our analysis .
- Analysis : This part is the practical part that will answer our questions .
The lyrics will be explained .
Our tools will be transitivity analysis and language .
Furthermore , we will give some examples of clauses that represent the meaning of our songs better .
- Conclusions : The questions we asked before will be answered .
With our analysis done , this final part is where the results of our work is written and we can tell the difference between these songs and what we thought at the beginning .
- Bibliographical references : The part where the sources are revealed
2 . METHOD : DATA SELECTION
We are going to compare the lyrics from the following three songs : Miley Cyrus ' Wrecking Ball ; Anastasia 's Left Outside Alone ; and Taylor Swift 's Back to December .
We have chosen these three songs because they all deal with the same topic of breaking - up , but they describe this topic from different points of view , even though the three songs are performed by female singers .
These songs are relatively modern , but if we take a look , we will find some sexism in some parts .
However , there 's hope for women to find a song that does n't treat them like an inferior gender .
This is the case of the " free choice " song , Taylor Swift .
Still , women are the victim in three different ways . We will search for these situations that share the feelings of regret , created by some specific situations .
Anastasia 's song tells a story of a victim . Meanwhile , the others talk about women that feel guilty because they have hurt men .
Also , we think that these songs can represent different kinds of processes and language we have seen in class .
The material processes are also known as the processes of doing .
This is because they express an action or an activity .
This type of process has been found in the three songs and it is very prolific .
Usually , in these types of songs , the performers describe actions in the relationships as well as at the end of it .
The material processes are carried out by agents , which coincide with the subject .
The subject of the sentence can also be the force if the agent is inanimate .
We have found this kind of agent in songs with a love relationship as the subject .
In this category of processes , there is another participant known as the affected , because the action of the verb affects or concerns it .
In our research , the cognition verbs have been the most common in the group of mental ones , followed by the affection ones , which is quite normal when describing a love relationship .
SONG ANALYSIS :
The main participants are the woman and the man .
The woman uses mental and material processes the same number of times .
Regarding mental processes , cognition is the type most used .
The material processes show some actions that the girl would like to erase because they only cause emotional abuse to the man .
She feels sorry because she did not care about him in this delicate situation .
As we can see , the boy gave her love and she just wanted to leave him .
Although the reason for the break - up is not totally clear , the girl is saying that it was all her fault .
The boy did not do anything wrong .
If we look at the boy 's processes , we will find only positive things .
The processes that appear more usually are mental and relational ( attributive type ) .
These cases are always regarding good actions or showing the good characteristics of the man .

On the other hand , the woman just says " I 'm sorry " .
The mental processes , specifically the cognition ones , tell us that she has thought a lot about what she did and that she was wrong .
The other participants appear a few times , but these participants tell us important things about the relationship .
She cares about him , about his life and his family ( even though she did n't care before ) .
Consequently , these participants give us some keys to understand the situation better , but actually they just confirm what the girl feels .
She is regretful because their relationship got worse and it was n't what she supposed it could be .
She wants him , but " the chain is on his door " .
She broke up , but now she is in his hands .
This can only be explained by the fact that he is a good boy and she was ( probably ) confused .
Although now she is sure , she has suffered a lot . " The cold " and " the fear " were inside her .
She feels bad , but she does n't really know what to say .
Even so , there 's a sentence that could confuse anyone .
She says " swallowing my pride " .
She has to do it , and it is a sacrifice .
Maybe she feels bad , but not completely guilty .
This sentence shows a girl who thinks she is not really bad , though she knows she could have done things better .
Obviously , she ca n't say a bad thing about him , but we do n't really know what he thinks about her .
There are some clues in sentences like " Your guard is up " or " the last time you saw me is still burning in the back of your mind " .
This means he still loves her , but at the same time , he 's still hurt .
He is confusedly in love .
Finally , the woman tells him that she will understand that he does n't want to restart the relationship , but she makes a promise :
" If we loved again , I swear I 'd love you right " .
The problem is that maybe it is too late and she can only wish " I 'd realized what I had when you were mine " .
This sentence and some others sound like they were spoken by a man …
Learning a new language is always an exciting experience .
There could be many reasons that lead to the need to learn new languages but , the advantages are vast .
Learning a new language gives you a chance to see the many things that are around you in a different aspect .
You will thus broaden your way of thinking and in the end as you learn you will enhance your intelligence .
However , you need to understand that learning a new language is not an easy task .
You need to invest your time and energy in it so as to achieve results .
There is a lot of stress associated with it , bearing in mind that in most cases a new language will revolve around a culture that is different from what you are used to .
Enthusiasm to learn is all that you will need so as to get the first few steps done .
After the first few words , you will like the experience and it will be hard for you to stop .
It is always interesting to communicate with native - speakers of a foreign language comfortably .
The most important thing is to have positive thoughts .
You may find the first initial stages really stressful .
You may even feel like giving up .
Encouraging yourself that you can work perfectly well for you .
To speed up the learning process , you need to read many comic books in the language that you want to learn . It will be hard to understand everything that you read but the pictures in the comic books will help you .
In time , you will get to learn many new words .
You also need to choose books by your favorite authors .
This is important because you understand their way of writing and they will be easy to understand . Enrolling on different forums that are in the language you want to learn will be of great help to you .
However , you need to choose forums with eloquent speakers as it is the only way you will gain much .
Hey John !
How are things going over there ?
Is Ms. Gretchen still giving you trouble ?
Have you made any progress on your website project ?
I 've been very busy lately .
I 've got a lot of assignments to work on .
And this depressing weather is just making the situation worse .
Anyway , I was thinking maybe you could help me out with this latest one . I 'm supposed to do some research on eating customs around the world and I figured , instead of just doing a quick search on Google and grabbing something off a Wikipedia article , I 'd ask you for a more direct source of input on the habits of the English .
If I quote you in my work , I might score a few extra marks .
So , what 's the typical English approach to nutritional needs ?
Waiting to hear back from you ,
Your friend Hugo .
Proposal for the introduction of a sports activity .
Introduction
Sports are all around the community .
They improve our health and help people interact with each other .
Those are a few reasons why it is important for us as a healthy group of people to have facilities in which we can practise these kinds of activities .
The chosen one
In my opinion , running is one of the most helpful sports when it comes to starting to move and get fit , in particular for those people who have not been doing any kind of physical activity for a long time .
This activity will not demand huge amounts of money to be done and , with an insignificant investment , would help a large group of people who desperately need it .
Minimal investment with huge benefits
To start running , this community will need a few things .
To begin with , it is important that the government develops a program which creates social awareness .
A significant part of the population in this town do not know the importance of practising sports and having a healthier life .
Once people know all the benefits this sport has , they will need a space to practise it comfortably .
With this in mind , money would be spent on constructing a running track where no - one would have to worry about traffic or obstacles in their way .
Benefit for all ages
There are almost no contraindications to practising this sport , so almost everybody in the town has the opportunity to try it at least once .
This activity not only improves your body and health , but also helps you have positive thoughts , making everyone feel happier .
Conclusion
In my opinion , improving the practice of this sport will be a great investment for our community and will have a great impact on our health and in our everyday lives .
The lecture and the reading passage both discuss how to stop the spread of cane toads in Australia .
However , the lecturer argues against the reading passage .
The reading passage mentions three ways to prevent cane toads from spreading , while the speaker offers three reasons to refute the reading passage .
The first point , suggested by the lecturer , is that a national fence can not stop cane toads from spreading .
The cane toads ' eggs and young cane toads can spread to other areas from the streams and rivers .
Unless the national fence can prevent the eggs and young cane toads from moving through the waterways , the fence is useless .
Thus , the lecture disputes the idea mentioned in the article that building a national fence could prevent the spreading .
The lecturer 's second argument involves capturing and destroying the toads using volunteers .
It is argued in the listening passage that untrained volunteers could harm the native frogs , which are endangered .
Because the young frogs look alike , it is possible that the volunteers will kill frogs other than cane toads .
In short , the lecturer questions what is stated in the reading passage that we could prevent the spread by volunteers capturing the cane toads .
Finally , it is argued in the listening passage that a disease - causing virus that killed the toads could be a disaster .
The lecturer says that if the virus was brought to the original habitats of cane toads in South America , it would cause ecological damage to the local ecosystem . To sum up , the lecturer doubts the method mentioned in the reading whereby a specially designed virus could specifically harm cane toads and prevent them from spreading .
To conclude , the lecturer disagrees with the ideas in the passage by presenting three convincing reasons .
National fence , volunteers , and virus are not good solutions to the problem of cane toads spreading .
" Mission : Impossible " soars again with stunning fifth outing !
It it hard to believe that Hollywood superstar Tom Cruise is still able to reinvent himself and carry the weight of a blockbuster franchise like the " Mission : Impossible " series , much more so after considering the fact that he is now in his early fifties , and still looks as fresh as he did in the 25-year - old " Days of Thunder " .
To start , " Rogue Nation " follows the same basic formula of the movies preceding it : fast - paced action , a focus on the espionage and gadgetry of the core team , and some of the most breathtaking set pieces Hollywood has to offer .
Together with a solid foe and the deft and stylish hand of director Christopher McQuarrie , all elements combine to give this fifth outing a refined sense of urgency , perfecting the pace to deliver constant , ever - topping thrills .
Finally , a special mention goes to Joe Kraemer 's superbly thrilling score , just a masterclass of old - school , kickass orchestral action music .
With all things considered , the bottom line is that Cruise & Co have delivered what has to be considered as the finest film in the series yet .
The social debate between progress and traditions has been going on for centuries .
Through our customs , we celebrate our past and keep our cultural heritage alive .
But it is also because of these sets of beliefs , mostly of religious origins , that some societies fail to evolve and respond to the ever - changing needs of all of their people .
One of the main advantages of cultural practices is that they allow societies to maintain their identities and gain economic stability .
In most Latin American countries , millenary practices such as silversmithing , not only keep the region in touch with its heritage , but they have become the sole source of income for many communities .
Nations like Mexico and Peru , with internationally recognized cuisines , have taken advantage of their culinary roots and boosted the production of locally grown foods , like chipotle peppers and quinoa , to bring economic growth to their agriculture sectors .
On the other hand , the greatest disadvantage of traditions , is that religious beliefs have kept these very same populations from social and human rights progress .
Gay marriage and reproductive rights are not recognized by the Costa Rican and most Latin governments , all because of the set of beliefs of a percentage of their community .
In conclusion , traditions should be cherished and kept alive for future generations .
However , the safekeeping of these practices should never become a priority over the wellbeing of the collective .
Progress and traditions are not opposites in a society where respect and tolerance for others is the priority .
Dear Yasser ,
As per our meeting , we will be waiting for your input regarding the following points :
1 . Postpaid roaming calls , RCF and GPRS
2 . Postpaid roaming markup
3 . Prepaid MMS
Dear Umair ,
What is the recommended source for extracting the prepaid roaming revenues ?
Regards ,
Ibrahim Guirguis
" Prison has long been the traditional punishment for people who commit crimes .
Some people believe , however , that community service orders are more appropriate in some cases .
When do you think that it is right to order people to work in the community to pay for their crimes ? "
In recent years , the most common punishment for criminals has been prison .
There are certain people who believe community service orders are more adequate in some cases .
People who break the law , should be ordered to work in the community in order to pay for their misdeeds , when they have done a minor offence or if they have acted unintentionally .
Community service orders are more appropriate than prison punishments when people have acted unintentionally .
Sending criminals to prison is a serious verdict for people that have made a mistake .
Nobody is sinless and people should not be treated as seriously as being sent to jail .
For example , graffiti makers in Bulgaria are sent to prison for 4 years .
This is unfair , because they do not do any harm to the environment nor to society .
It is better that they do a certain amount of community work , for example clean off their graffiti , which will teach them how hard it is to clean off graffiti , and thus , prevent them from making new graffiti .
Working in the community is more appropriate compared to sending people to prison when criminals have committed a minor offence .
Limiting people 's freedom because of minor , non - harmful to the society crimes is inhumane .
Everybody deserves freedom , despite their crimes .
Although their misdeeds should not be tolerated , I believe that they had better do some community work .
This will help them understand their mistakes and prevent them in future .
For example , in Bulgaria , people who lie down and relax on the grass in the park are sent to jail for 6 years , because they are considered to be " doing serious damage to the environment and preventing the park from further development " .
Community service orders should be used when people have acted unintentionally and when they have committed a minor offence , as this will help them realize their mistakes , without them being limited in freedom by being sent to prison .
This will help them realize their mistakes and thus , quit making them .
House at the End of the Street
The last movie I watched was House Next Door , a captivating thriller that stars Jennifer Lawrence , Elizabeth Shue and Mark Thieriot .
The plot is about a teenage girl who moves in with her mother to their dream house , which was next to a home where a horrible double homicide had taken place .
As soon as they move in , they hear the rumors of the incident : a little girl brutally murdered her parents in the middle of the night and disappeared , and the other child of the family recently moved in there .
As the movie develops , it has lots of interesting turns that let the viewer draw his / her own conclusions .
I myself am a fan of horror movies , which are highly predictable , so it was a great satisfaction to see such a complex film .
The end completely blew me away and I believe it was the best part of it .
The acting was smooth and credible .
Although it had bad reviews , the movie was well received by the audience ; not to mention the fact that Jennifer Lawrence 's appearance right after the hit of Hunger Games was great for advertising .
In conclusion , I highly recommend this film for those who like drama and plot twists .
Actually , I intend to study law but , since there is no ' law ' in the subject choices , I chose economics .
I think that a law degree is such a practical degree and legal knowledge is applicable almost everywhere .
I chose to study law because I think that law is very important in our society .
Without law , this world that we are living in would not be in order and peace , but in chaos .
I believe that every human , organization and company has their own rights and it is my duty to use my legal knowledge to protect them from infringement of their rights .
My study plan is to undertake a pre - university programme locally to prepare myself for further studies overseas .
I aspire to further my studies in Law at the University of Cambridge .
I would love to be in an intellectually stimulating environment , being surrounded by the brightest young minds from all over the world .
In my opinion , the exchange of thoughts and views between all these brilliant people is exactly where a totally new and creative idea will be sparked .
Almost every home , office or school has a computer of some kind these days .
Many people feel that these machines are now an essential part of our lives , but how necessary are they really ?
One of the main advantages is the time that can be saved by using a computer .
This is especially beneficial in the workplace , where employees can do their work far faster than they could in the past .
In addition to this , computers can be educational and fun .
From a very young age , children can gain basic computer skills through programs that allow them to learn , draw , paint and play .
In today 's technological world , this knowledge can only help them in the future .
However , there are various negative aspects to using computers .
Many jobs have been lost due to the fact that computers can do a lot of tasks more efficiently than humans .
This has led to high unemployment in many countries .
What is more , computers can actually cause health problems .
Endless hours in front of a screen can cause eye strain and headaches , which are serious side - effects .
To sum up , it seems that computers are a useful addition to our fast - moving world of high technology .
However , it must be remembered that they are here to serve us - not to replace us .
Social networking technology is a tool used by people all around the world .
Its purpose is to promote and aid communication .
However , I think that this type of technology might be doing more harm than good .
It is not only changing how we communicate , but how we interact with each other in daily life .
All social networks have their own pros and cons but certainly there are some social networks that affect us more than others .
In conclusion I can say that the social network that affects the population the most is Facebook .
It may be on the verge of replacing traditional personal interactions for the next generation .
It affects our lives in many ways , including our communication , self- expression , bullying , isolation , friendships , and even our very own sense of humanity .
On this networking site , users create pages that represent them in some way .
They post pictures of themselves and their friends .
Facebook has more bad effects on adolescents than on adults , who are known to be more mature about what they post and how they interact online .
It is more likely that adults would use their profile pictures as a way of casually showing themselves , their family , find new clients for their jobs or possibly a recent trip they took .
Teenagers , however , use this technology in a way that could be dangerous .
In this stage of their lives , they care more about their need to impress their peers than mature reasoning .
Comments that are left on their pages mean more to them than words said face to face .
Adults need to teach teenagers the importance of not abusing social networks , especially Facebook .
Teachers at school may impose more restrictions that make teenagers avoid using social networks in an extreme way .
At work , bosses may reduce employee 's salaries if their job gets affected because of distractions that are caused by social networks .
Proposal to improve the school 's facilities for language learners .
Introduction :
The aim of this proposal is to make recommendations in order to improve the school facilities .
Aspects such as space , internet access and materials will be discussed in order to make suggestions to improve the service for students learning languages .
First , an inspection of the school 's facilities was organised , in order to assess the school premises .
From the visit , it was concluded that even if the majority of students express satisfaction with the space , some of them wish to have more classrooms that allow a more reasonable number of students per class .
Currently , each class is given to 50 students which limits their opportunities to experience one - on - one activities that enhance their learning process .
It would be advisable to accommodate classes in the main building , which offers enough space for smaller classes .
Secondly , it was surprising to discover the absence of internet access in the computer room .
Even if the room has a considerable number of computers , the absence of internet access does not give students the opportunity to use the many websites that would be useful to improve their language skills .
Therefore , I strongly recommend guaranteeing internet access , which does not represent a high cost for the academic board .
Access will give learners the possibility to use technological tools that will ensure a better experience while learning languages .
Finally , authentic materials in foreign languages were not found in the school 's library .
It is crucial to provide students with printed materials in the target language .
Magazines and newspapers allow learners to have direct contact with language in real contexts .
Thus , I suggest making subscriptions to international magazines in order to enrich the school 's library .
Conclusion .
I strongly believe that if the suggestions made in this proposal are given attention , the service provided to language learners will be strengthened and enhanced .
I felt a deep sense of self - hatred and guilt !
How could I cut the rope ?
How would the entire world in general and the mountaineering fraternity , in particular , judge my decision ?
I must be prepared to abase myself in front of the whole world from now !
I needed to survive in light of the fact that it was impossible to haul Joe up to safety .
I could be pulled over the snowy cliff by Joe 's fall in my effort to pull him up instead .
I was not to blame for him having injured his leg .
I tried to justify my own horrible action .
I needed some consolation to return to a state of psychological normalcy ; it was a step towards survival .
Picking myself up slowly after the numbness around my waist and hip had subsided , I knew I had little time to apportion blame to Joe or myself .
After all , we were in a team in search of personal glory to be the first to ever climb the west face of this Andean mountain !
I had to look for help ; there was little time to lose .
Perhaps there was every chance that Joe could have survived the fall !
Only God knows !
So I began to pray in earnest .
I felt strong enough to move about , looking for my compass and map in the rucksack on my back .
Ever since I started learning English , I have found watching TV series quite handy , especially those which are perfectly subtitled , in order to follow the plot properly .
In fact , it is quite useful if you are actually interested in improving your skills , when it comes to listening and speaking .
On the other hand , I have been in search of a series which catches my attention and it took me a very long time until I finally put my finger on it .
The TV series known as Downton Abbey is the best I have ever seen , and in the following lines I would like to explain why .
It is set in England during and after the First World War .
The whole plot takes place in the area called Downton , the castle of Earl Lord Gratham , his family and the service staff .
Although the story is focused on the Lord 's family , the service staff has an important part to play , as the world is changing continuously and the nobility is becoming old - fashioned .
The main point in this series is that every character has been absolutely developed , with their own characteristics and personalities .
Even the background is cleverly chosen , which enhances the intriguing and dramatic script .
Needless to say , the actors are sublime and they give their touch to their role , especially Maggie Smith , who is one of my favourite actresses .
For of all these reasons , I highly recommend considering Downton Abbey to be included in your top ten list .
I wish to apply for the Assistants & management support for the " Asset Allocation & Macro Research " ( AA&MR ) position as I believe it is in perfect alignment with my skills and professional experience .
My penultimate position was as chief executive of a company with photocomposition , which was followed by the creation of a publication service serving the " Sell Side " department of Pictet , then Helvea demonstrated my sense of organization and easy adaptation to new environments .
My goal has always been to combine speed with quality , using good organization skills and an excellent mastery of different technological tools .
I possess very good knowledge of page layout software .
Furthermore , I am fluent in the English language , with good writing skills .
Conscientious by nature , I always strive to be thorough in my work , to be diligent , and consistently complete my tasks .
In addition , I am a team player with good interpersonal skills .
I would be glad to further expand upon what I can offer in an interview .
Yours faithfully ,
NB : In addition , in case of employment , I would receive an allowance of a participation of 50% of the salary for a period of two years .
Dear Jo ,
It 's so nice to hear from you and I 'm so happy that you are coming to Egypt this summer .
Well , first of all , there are a lot of activities you can do for fun , such as visiting some historical places that are attractive for many tourists .
Since you are coming in summer , you should visit Sharm or Hurghada for some sea activities like swimming , diving and snorkeling .
About work , since you are a native speaker of English and you have an idea about teaching English as a second language , you can apply to teaching centers that offer jobs for native speakers of English .
They will pay you a reasonable salary .
And it will be good preparation for your studies at college .
I hope to hear from you soon .
Best wishes ,
Christina ,
Egypt .
I admit that I do n't really enjoy soap operas .
However , I live in Brazil and there is no way out when it comes to soap operas .
Brazilian people are known for their creativity and enthusiasm for soap operas .
The success of the soap opera depends on the theme , the people have to decide whether to relate to it or take an interest in it .
As a typical Brazilian , I have a favorite soap opera . It is called Floribella .
The story is about a poor girl called Floribella she is an eccentric seamstress . She has amazing friends and they have a band together .
She starts to work for Mister Frederico , a young and wealthy man who has three brothers to take care of .
He is arrogant , but Flor is the only one who can calm him down in difficult situations .
She falls in love with him , but unfortunately , he is engaged and his fiancée is an awful person who always tries to humiliate Flor .
I 'm afraid to say that this soap opera does n't have a happy ending and I did n't enjoy the end either , but I still recommend it , because it 's a beautiful love story and the characters are really amusing and the story is funny and lovely .
Despite its ending and all others odds that it may have , I 'm still a big fan of Floribella and I ca n't wait to watch it again on Netflix .
You should watch it too , so we can discuss it together .
And by the way , the soundtrack is awesome , you 'll be addicted to it .
Taking care of environment has become an essential need in our daily life .
Countries , states , cities and even municipalities are focusing on how to include green plans in their future work plans .
Corporate Social Responsibility ( CSR ) is indicated in more than 90% of mission statements around the world .
Saying that taking care of the environment is not only the concern of citizens but also the national and international organizations .
As for my city , the mayor gives the environment his top priority and a budgeted plan under the process of implementation .
awareness sessions have been made to explain the difference between re - use , recycle and reduce .
Different color trash bags were distributed to citizens to be used at home to separate the trash according to each material .
In addition to that , a law has been enforced to plant a tree in front of each building .
Also , films on soaring birds were played to explain the importance of birds in cleaning the atmosphere .
It is worth mentioning that schools are considering the environment as part of the education system that should be taught to students .
Finally , I 'm proud to say that taking care of the environment is part of my and my family 's daily life .
Trash distribution , using green products that respect the ozone layer , not wasting water and many other actions .
I am writing to apply for the position of assistant professor of English with an emphasis on nineteenth - century American literature that you advertised on the February 20XX MLA Job Information List .
I am a Dean 's Fellow and Ph.D. candidate at XYZ University , currently revising the final chapter of my dissertation , and expecting to graduate in May 20XX .
I am confident that my teaching experience and my research interests make me an ideal candidate for your open position .
Over the past five years , I have taught a variety of English courses .
I have taught a number of American literature survey courses , as well as writing courses , including technical writing and first - year writing .
I have extensive experience of working with ESL students , as well as students with a variety of learning disabilities , including dyslexia and dysgraphia , and disabilities like ADD and ADHD .
I pride myself on creating a classroom environment that accommodates the needs of my individual students while still promoting a high level of critical thinking and writing skills .
Some of my most satisfying experiences as a teacher have come from helping struggling students to grasp difficult concepts through a combination of individual sessions , class activities , and group discussion .
I know I would thrive as a teacher in your college , due to your belief in small classroom size and individualized support for students .
Not only does my teaching experience suit the needs of your school and department , but my research interests also fit perfectly with your description of the ideal candidate .
My dissertation project , " Ferns and Leaves : Nineteenth - Century Female Authorial Space , " examines the rise and development of American female authors in the 1840s and 1850s , with a particular focus on patterns of magazine publication .
I argue that , rather than being submissive to the requirements of the editor or publisher , female authors in fact developed a more transparently reciprocal relationship between themselves and their readers than has previously been assumed .
I apply recent print - culture and book - history theory to my readings of novels , magazine articles , letters , and diary entries by various female authors , with a particularly focus on Sara Willis ( known by her pseudonym Fanny Fern ) .
I plan to develop my dissertation into a book manuscript , and continue to research the role of female writers in antebellum magazine culture , with a particular focus on the rise and influence of female magazine editors on literary culture .
My research interests have both shaped and been shaped by my recent teaching experiences .
Last spring , I developed and taught a course on the history of print culture in America .
I combined readings on theory and literature that addressed issues of print with visits to local historical museums and archives .
My students conducted in - depth studies on particular texts ( magazines , newspapers , novels ) for their final papers .
I believe my interdisciplinary teaching style , particularly my emphasis on material culture , would fit in well with the interdisciplinary nature of your English department .
I am therefore confident that my teaching experience , my skill in working with ESL and LD students , and my research interests all make me an excellent candidate for the assistant professor of English position at ABC College .
I have attached my curriculum vitae and the two requested sample publications .
I would be happy to send you any additional materials such as letters of reference , teaching evaluations , and past and proposed course syllabi . I will be available to meet with you at either the MLA or C19 conference , or anywhere else at your convenience .
Thank you so much for your consideration ; I look forward to hearing from you .
Not so long ago , I watched film called " 47 Ronin " .
The action takes place in Japan , in the time of samurais and witches .
The main hero is a mysterious stranger , betrayed by everyone , sold into slavery , chosen by fate to exact revenge , who will become one of 47 warriors that defy death .
Appearing from another world , he will rise up against the darkness to protect his forbidden love .
I liked this film because of many things , but most of all I liked the costumes .
They were very different and very colorful , but at the same time corresponded with the time period of the film .
With this film , I was able to get a clear idea about traditions and customs of that time .
I also liked the plot built on the basis of a Japanese legend .
And I just ca n't forget to mention the beautiful scenery and realistic special effects .
I think other people will like it as much as I did , because it is a very interesting and exciting story about true love that lives through time and space , and about real friendship and loyalty .
A transportation vehicle that has changed people 's lives .
That transportation exerts a far - reaching influence on people 's daily routines and lifestyle is true .
Not only that , what prides itself as the most influential vehicle - as most people recognize - is the automobile .
There are people who have never ridden a bicycle , and people who have never been on an airplane , but it would be hard to find a person who has never been in a car .
It is generally believed that the invention of the car has led to the dispersion of the population out of urban centers , to the growth of the suburbs .
Prior to the automobile , is the horse and wagon life , it was not feasible for people to live far from their place of work .
The growth of the suburbs changed the face of American society , bringing with it a whole different way of life .
Moreover , it has led to an important expansion in commerce , resulting in the growth of the ubiquitous shopping malls , department stores , serving as a powerful pull for tourism .
What greatly increased mobility leads to significant changes , additionally , lies in various lifestyles .
Being able to live far from one 's workplace , people can travel far and wide for pleasure and indulge themselves in a remarkable trip .
It may be for a day , a week , or a longer period of time .
In the urban city , the car is by far the most common mode of transportation and has greatly impacted on the growth of the tourist industry .
We are beginning to see people in countries with cars going out of the city on weekends and holidays .
Though good enough , the growth of the population and mobility do not tell the whole story .
This powerful vehicle is considered vital for another reason : being an indispensable factor in many respects .
It is the key that supports many industrial fields , such as steel , machinery , plastics .
The whole business success would not have reached perfection without the help of transportation to distribute their materials and commodities well .
Last but not least , the booming prosperity often parallels the numbers of job in the city .
Although other forms of transportation may be more comfortable , none has changed the way we do business and live our lives more than the car .
Thanks to the speed , excitement , and convenience of cars , our lives are enriched .
Travelling to Japan through food !
The newest Japanese restaurant in town - Ohana restaurant - is the place to be on a Friday night .
Its atmosphere is that of an old Buddhist temple situated on a mountain somewhere in Japan .
The staff 's clothes are beautifully coloured and , believe it or not , all of them are Japanese and can speak English fluently .
The moment you go through the huge wooden doors , the music sets you back into the Meiji Era and you feel like you are about to meet a very important samurai .
What made it a success was the menu and the wide variety of Japanese food .
What I particularly appreciated was that you can sit around the chefs and watch them prepare the food .
It 's really delicious !
Unfortunately , the music was a bit too loud for my taste .
After eight o'clock , a professional band of musicians start playing traditional Japanese music and it can be a bit loud .
They need to focus on that a bit more .
However , overall I think that this new restaurant has the potential of becoming very popular in a short time due to the food and the great atmosphere .
The staff is also very friendly .
You really should go and try this amazing restaurant at the first opportunity .
I fully intend to go the next time I have the chance and try the Hokkaido Natto .
Work and social life both play important roles in putting people 's lives together .
Some people tend to think that their jobs have more effect on their happiness , while others seem to believe that their social life has more of an influence .
In my opinion , my social interaction balances my life more than my working experience does .
As a result , I believe that my social life has more of an effect on my happiness .
There are several reasons to support my position .
First of all , family and friends whom we love always offer their support to comfort us .
With the increasing competition in the workplace , people bear more and more stress .
The companionship of our loved ones is always the best solution to release our pressure .
For example , every day it seems that an extremely tight deadline is always chasing after me and making me breathless .
Meanwhile , I always feel exhausted and barely have any energy to talk with anyone after a long day at work .
However , I can always recover my energy after having a nice little chat with my family or friends .
Therefore , the happiness derived from my social connections helps to alleviate the stress related to work .
In addition , attending social activities widens my life 's experiences wholesomely .
Take my yoga class , for example .
Since I joined the yoga studio , I have made a lot of new friends .
Besides yoga , most of them also have numerous other interests , like hiking , jogging , and baking .
Meanwhile , they are friendly and willing to share their knowledge with me .
Both acquiring new knowledge and making new friends make me feel happy .
Therefore , an active social life not only benefits my mental health but also keeps me in a good mood .
Lastly , some people may think that co - workers naturally melt into our social life , since we spend so much time in the workplace .
This might suggest that being surrounded by people at work with whom we need to socialize would have more of an effect on our emotions .
However , most of the time , people maintain a good relationship with their co - workers in order to accomplish their common task harmoniously .
On the other hand , people are willing to discuss serious matters with their family and friends because of their shared bond of trust .
For example , we talk about something trivial , such as gripes and gossip , with our colleagues .
Conversely , we share our deepest worries and problems with our close family and friends because we are not afraid of exposing our weakness to those people whom we trust .
At the same time , we will also pay more attention to the people whom we love .
Therefore , the more deeply our emotions interact , the more greatly our happiness is influenced .
In conclusion , because of intimate support , growth in life experiences , and emotional interaction , I agree with the statement that my social life has more of an effect on my happiness than my occupation does .
In other words , even though I can get temporary happiness from accomplishing a work task or gaining a compliment from my co - workers , personally , I think I obtain more permanent enjoyment and satisfaction from engaging and interacting with the people that I love .
As a result , I believe that my social life influences my personal happiness more than my job does .
A balancing act
The doorbell rang .
When I opened the door , imagine my surprise ... There was a large box standing in front of the door , addressed to me , and I had never received packages before !
The only post ever sent to me was a birthday card , sent by my grandmother before she passed away .
Still a bit surprised , I grabbed the box , which proved to be no picnic , as it felt as if it had been filled with rocks .
Nonetheless , I managed to remove the box from the ground and staggered through the doorway , in the direction of the living room .
While walking , I paid all my attention to carrying the box .
If only I had looked a bit more carefully where I placed my feet ...
Anyway , I did n't notice the skateboard which lay in front of my feet .
When I stepped on it , I lost my balance and the box fell on the ground .
I heard the sound of breaking glass .
Immediately , I opened the box and found a short letter , saying : " Dear Jane , here 's the inheritance from your grandmother : her glass tea service ... "
There is no doubt that travelling by car is the most comfortable option , but claiming that public transport has no future is too much .
Many people use public transport on a daily basis .
There are people who would n't be able to travel if it was n't for public transport .
Children and elderly people ca n't have a driving license , so if they need to go somewhere , using public transport is their only option .
Travelling by car is also very detrimental to the environment .
In big cities , the air is very polluted because there are too many cars . Travelling by public transport reduces the impact on the environment , something that most people are aware of , but still they prefer to use their own vehicle .
Using public transport can also save time , since you do n't have to spend time looking for a place to park your car .
I definitely think that public transport will continue to be very important in the future .
In general , shopping is associated with something pleasant , but unfortunately this is not always true .
There are some reasons why people leave shops in a bad mood , or even do n't want to go into them .
Shopping is not always enjoyable .
For some people , shopping is one of their obligations .
For others , it is overall a pleasant experience they can not enjoy as much as they would like .
Firstly , shopping may be uncomfortable , because more often than not we can hear tiring music there , saleswomen can be too intrusive and the queues are usually very long .
Sometimes women go to the store just to look at the new stuff , to look around , and questions asked by salespeople make us angry .
In addition , shopping is also a problem for men .
It is said that the man who goes shopping for more than one hour is angry and tired .
Sometimes it is also a problem for women who want to go shopping with their partner .
To sum up , doing shopping is unavoidable , so we can make everyday shopping more enjoyable .
For example , we can take at least one family member with us .
This is a great opportunity to spend some quality time together , exchange ideas and opinions ; opt for evening shopping , specifically about half an hour before the stores close if you want to avoid big crowds ; if possible , choose only one store for your everyday shopping .
Going from one store to another can waste your time , cost you a lot in gas , as well as mentally and physically exhaust you ; when it comes to products that you regularly use , buying in bulk is the best option you have , since that way you get a bigger quantity for a lower price ; or just choose online shopping - a great way to make your purchases from the comfort of your own home , without having to go out on a rainy day , deal with noisy ( and sometimes even smelly ) crowds , spend money on gas and wait in huge queues .
First of all , I would like to begin by giving some information about the city where the place that you will be visiting is located .
The city of Istanbul is one of the famous and crowded cities of Turkey , which constitutes the country 's economic , cultural , and historical heart .
The population of Istanbul is over 20 million and Istanbul is among the largest cities in the world by population within the city limits .
The Historical Peninsula is the centre of ancient Istanbul where the four major empires were ruled from .
There are many historical places in the Historical Peninsula such as mosques , churches and palaces .
The most important ones are Hagia Sophia , Topkapi Palace , Sultanahmet Mosque , Suleymaniye Mosque , Yeni Mosque , the Grand Bazaar , Basilica Cistern , Beyazit Tower and the Spice Bazaar .
I would like to touch on some of them .
Hagia Sophia was built as a cathedral in 537 , converted to a mosque after the conquest of Istanbul , and is now being used as a museum .
Topkapi Palace was built in the 1470 's and the Ottoman Empire was ruled from this palace for 380 years .
The Grand Bazaar is one of the largest covered markets in the world and it has more than 4,000 shops .
It is well known for its jewellery , pottery , spice , leather and carpet shops .
Basilica Cistern was built in the 6th century and is the largest of several hundred ancient cisterns that still lie beneath the city of Istanbul ; 143 by 65 meters , with a holding capacity of 80,000 cubic meters of water .
Beyazit Tower is 85 meters tall located in the courtyard of Istanbul University 's main campus in Beyazıt Square .
The Spice Bazaar is the second largest covered bazaar after the Grand Bazaar .
It stands next to Yeni Mosque .
You can find many types of spices , herbs , nuts , Turkish delight , etc .
Actually , I was asked to recommend only one place , but the Historical Peninsula is an area where those historical distincts got together .
I hope the information given is useful for you .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
I am writing in regard to some important documents I left in my hotel room during my stay .
Last week , I attended the C&A meeting as one of the major speakers .
The following conversation was so engaging that I forgot the time and , as a result , I was late for my departure for Chicago .
In my hurry , I forgot to collect a few critical documents .
I am not completely certain , but I remember that the last time I saw them was near the tiny blue table located in the left - hand corner of the room .
I am contacting you because those papers are sensitive to my company .
Therefore , I need those papers .
As you can imagine , they are confidential and they should be handled with caution .
I feel extremely worried not to have picked them up . I would be very grateful if you could have a look in the room .
If you find them , could you send them to my office by post ?
I am willing to pay for postal charges .
I am looking forward to hearing from you soon .
Yours faithfully ,
John X.
Everybody has goals that they want to achieve .
Having goals in life will make one 's life meaningful and purposeful .
As for my dreams for the upcoming years , I think I have two dreams in life that I will do my best and try hard to realize .
They are studying at an English university abroad and becoming a programmer .
First , I want to attend an English university abroad .
Being able to study at an English university will give me the opportunity to get a better job and an exciting experience .
As we all know , nowadays , English proficiency is on the list of the required skills to be employed and the market highly demands it .
Secondly , the experience one gets from a multicultural medium is very valuable and makes one more mature ,
and I feel that only an overseas English university can offer that .
Second , I want to be employed as a programmer .
There are many reasons why I want to be a programmer .
Primarily , because being a developer is my dream job and , secondly , because developers make a lot of money .
I have wanted to be a programmer since I was 14 years old .
I was fascinated by this field of science .
In addition , earning a fair amount of money is essential to building my life .
For example , if I want to marry in the future , I have to be able to send my kids to a decent school and provide them with what they want . Not to mention wedding party expenses .
To sum up , graduating from an English university and then becoming a programmer are currently my main aims .
Having a good job and a high salary will make my life richer and more rewarding .
With the advent of privately owned vehicles like the car , an individual 's dependence on public transport has certainly been reduced .
However , that being said , in my opinion , there is still a future for public transport .
I 'd like to highlight the factors that would support my opinion in a certain order that pertains to a wider acceptance .
First of all , from a cost perspective , public transport is much cheaper compared to a car , especially when a cost - reduction concept like ' car pooling ' is not followed .
The financial benefit that public transport gives to the common man is second to none , especially in common situations like long - distance commutes for daily work .
In addition , from a ' time savings ' angle , increased usage of public transport results in reducing traffic and helping people reach their destinations quicker by avoiding being delayed in traffic jams and at lights .
From an environmental perspective , the use of public transport ensures that carbon emissions from automobiles are prevented , helping to preserve the balance of nature even in big cities like Tokyo and Delhi , where the carbon emissions are very high .
Modern TV is worth every pound
Cookery programmes , films , documentaries , talkshows … It 's clear that there are lots of different programmes on TV nowadays .
Maybe you think of television as a waste of money .
In that case , I can guarantee you that today 's telly is definitely worth the money .
It 's true that there are lots of repeats on TV and there may be many programmes you regard as poor quality .
However , there 's always a channel that broadcasts a new episode .
Besides that , it 's very likely that you can find some programmes you like amongst all the trash because of the wide variety .
In addition , the price of watching television for a whole month is much lower than the price of tickets for the cinema to watch a film for only two hours .
Moreover , when you sit in front of the TV in your own house , you wo n't get irritated by strangers , which may happen in the cinema .
In my opinion , TV provides something for everyone 's taste nowadays , including good quality programmes , for a reasonable price .
It should be possible for everyone to enjoy watching television !
Dear Mr. Tipple ,
I am writing in response to your advertisement in today 's edition of " The China News " to apply for the position of Club Organizer .
During the past five years , I have been organizing various events not just in England , but also in the United States and Portugal .
I have a great deal of experience working mainly with people between the ages of 18 and 30 years old .
However , I have also previously worked with older people .
As well as being hard working and methodical , I am organized .
Furthermore , I have an excellent relationship with the people I work with , although I very often strike people as bossy and unfriendly .
As a matter of fact , when you get to know me better , I am very helpful .
Please note that I am available to attend an interview .
I very much hope you will take my application into consideration and I look forward to hearing from you .
Yours Sincerely ,
Cristiano Nazario Tejada Curiel
Today I want to talk with you about the process of making bank notes .
We use cash every day and it is of great importance to our daily life .
Also , we need to know how it is made .
Firstly , some things about design must be taken into consideration .
Not only the background colour , but we also need to choose the artwork .
Apart from that , we also need to design security features .
Secondly , we have to do some preparation of metal plates .
After that , we now need to print them out .
A sheet includes 50 bank notes .
Every bank note should be coloured both sides and we even need to use special ink in case of being copied .
Finally , after being printed , every bank note needs to be manually inspected .
Some good quality sheets will be packaged and distributed to the market but the bad sheets will be disposed of .
Maybe there will be some partially damaged sheets , so the bank notes will be separated into good and bad .
The main features of these bank notes are good quality and the effort made by bank workers .
So do n't look down on the bank notes in your hand now ; they are precious .
Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately .
The day before , he and his two best friends , Louis and Lucas , were playing football near the police station , when Louis and Lucas started arguing with eachoder .
It got out of control and they started fighting .
Peter tried to stop them but it was impossible , so he tried to find somebody to separate them .
He did n't find anyone , so he grabbed Louis and tried to calm them down .
Lucas wanted to apologise and forget what happened , but Louis was really angry , so Lucas decided to go home .
Peter let go of Louis because he thought that it was safe , but Louis caught the ball and tried to hit Lucas .
The ball went straight through the police station window and broke the glass .
Peter got so scared that he ran away .
Louis got caught and told the police that Lucas was the one that had broken it .
The police went to school to talk with Lucas and try to find a fair punishment .
Peter knew that Lucas was n't guilty but he and Louis had been best friends since elementary school , he had to make his decision and he only had two minutes until they took Lucas to the police station .
Peter got up and told the police what really happened . Louis tried to apologise , but it was too late .
Louis had to pay for the window and also clean the school 's canteen for two months , but he realized that what he did was wrong , so he apologised to Lucas .
They decided to forget what happened and stay friends .
The end .
She went into the " reading room " where there were thousands of books and she hid between two huge bookcases .
It seemed that the man in the wheelchair was looking for something but suddenly , he took a couple of books and put them into a hidden pocket in his wheelchair .
Quickly , Angie ran to the store detective to tell him what she had seen .
Unfortunately , the thief was more intelligent than them because while they were speaking , he could run away with the books that he had just stolen .
Angie and the store detective ran after " the false disabled man " but he was younger and , obviously , he ran faster .
When it seemed impossible to catch him , a girl , who was crossing the street in a wheelchair , crashed into the thief and he fell down on the pavement .
Because of this , the store detective was able to catch the thief and recover all the books .
To express her gratitude , Angie called the girl an " honorary customer " of her bookshop and gave her a crime novel collection as a present .
When the American series ' House ' was first broadcast on TV , it immediately hooked the audience .
The unusual scenario and the great actor , Hugh Laurie , made the result really innovative for a TV series .
It is based on Dr. Gregory House , a reputable diagnostician who uses strange and sometimes inappropriate approaches in order to find out what is wrong with his patients .
He only agrees to take on cases nobody else can solve and most of the time he succeeds .
Due to an unsuccessful operation he had on his leg , he is addicted to painkillers which he makes several attempts to detox from motivated by his only friend Dr. Wilson , but he never really wants to , so he gets addicted again .
He is sarcastic and often mean , which drives people away from him .
Nevertheless , he is willing to do literally anything to save a patient 's life , although he sometimes goes too far .
The series had a great appeal in many countries , which is demonstrated by the eight seasons that were produced .
His revolutionary behaviour and the fact that he let nobody restrain him are the reasons for the series ' huge success .
Also , the medical cases are intriguing and , although someone with no medical knowledge may not understand much , the struggle to save a person 's life captures everyone 's interest .
The innovative aspect of ' House ' is that he often takes illegal actions , for example breaking into a patient 's house to investigate environmental factors which may have caused the particular disease , and he is hardly ever punished for it .
I believe such popularity is well deserved , as apart from its scenario , it was , on the whole , qualitative .
My only objection is that it sometimes went too far , which made the audience dislike Dr. House .
Nevertheless , it is distinct from other medical series as he constantly thinks outside of the box .
The first time I heard about volleyball , I was in my last secondary school year and we were invited to cheer on a local team during a regional tournament in Lima , Peru .
I was amazed by the atmosphere at the Coliseum , with its shiny wooden court , the noisy people around it , that sharp sound of the referees ' whistles ... Then I decided to take up the game .
I never imagined how hard the training was , how tiring and demanding the exercises were and how difficult to control the ball was .
Once I got fit enough , I started enjoying the game , learning its strategies , developing personal and group skills and having fun at the same time .
I would strongly recommend young people to take up this sport .
They will soon be engaged in a healthy , defiant and never boring activity and also will develop strong bonds with each other , responsibility and compromise .
Volleyball is the best sport ever !
Introduction
The aim of this proposal is to present suggestions regarding the ways in which the extra funding could be used for the benefit of the students and , indirectly , for the benefit of the local community .
Needless to say , in order to combat the rising tide of social problems in Hampshire , the Education Authority decided to increase funds for the educational sector .
Sports Club
Sporting activities might boost the student s ' overall condition and this is the reason why they are necessary .
It is well known that physical activity contributes to improving physical and mental health .
Drama Club
This kind of club will allow students to express their feelings in a non - violent manner , learn how to manage their reactions and develop creative talent .
A drama club will make examining plays such as Shakespeare 's more enjoyable than solely studying them will .
Cookery classes
Cookery classes are very important because students here are young adults that need to have basic skills such as cooking in order to manage themselves and live an independent life .
Cooking classes will help students spend less money on eating out and they will start eating more healthily because by making their own food they will be more aware of what they are eating .
DIY Classes
" Do it yourself " classes improve practical skills .
As most college students will soon leave for university and will live in dorms , without their parents , they are obliged to fix malfunctions by themselves .
The information they acquire during these courses will help them for the rest of their lives .
Citizenship classes
Another kind of classes that are necessary are citizenship classes as teenagers nowadays are deficient in this field .
These courses will develop the civic sense of students and they will start getting involved actively in society .
Conclusion
The overall purpose of these actions is to keep young adults in school and to educate them .
The Education Authority believes that social problems are linked with a decrease in participation in extra - curricular activities and it suggests that the college should use extra funding to solve this issue .
Organising clubs and courses such as the ones mentioned above would ensure the improvement of the situation .
TV Today : chance or hazard ?
Today 's television is the paradigm of our society , because of dozens of new channels constantly popping up and only very few controls are done on the quality of what is actually broadcast .
So , TV , which could be an invaluable source of information and entertainment , actually is becoming a big issue for the development of our society and younger generations in particular .
The potential risks for our younger generations
Having easy access to such a rich offering before having developed the ability to make correct choices or filter the information received , our children and young people are constantly under attack from dangerous role models , being attracted by the ones who seem the most winning and cool ones , without any chance to distinguish if they can be taken as a guide to their growth or not .
The absence of parents or the fact they usually have no control or way to drive their choices makes me very worried about the future of our society .
Back to the full potential
It 's not too late , though , to try to bring our beloved TV back to the importance which radio had for our parents and grandparents , we only need to see it as a potential new social problem and start a process of control and continuous improvement , maybe giving the most virtuous networks the chance to be highlighted .
I believe that if public transport has no future , then our environment will not have one either .
The car is sometimes represented as an icon of freedom ; moreover , owning a modern car is sometimes related to wealth .
Compared to the use of public transport , one can not deny the convenience of using a car for moving around .
However , the use of public transport , especially in densely populated cities , allows people to save time while commuting to their study or workplace , as trains and trams do not get stuck in traffic jams .
It not only helps reduce pollution , but also allows users to save money in a world where the cost of gasoline is exponentially increasing .
I believe that people should limit the use of their cars to special occasions , such as road trips or long - weekend leisure activities .
Only by doing so will we help to keep our atmosphere free of CO2 emissions and all the grim consequences they have .
Dear camp director ,
Hello , my name is Zabrina .
I read about your summer camp on the internet and I would love to work with you .
I 'm 16 years old , tall , extroverted , very energetic and cheerful and friendly .
I love kids , and I 'm very outgoing .
I think I can be very helpful to your camp , helping you take care of the kids and also helping you in the kitchen , because I really love to cook .
Besides , I really need the money for my family .
But I am doing this because I really enjoy creating activities with kids and having a great time with them .
When I was younger , I went to a camp , and it was one of the best memories I have , so it would be really great to know I would make some kids feel the same way .
I really hope you accept me in your camp , and I await your response with excitement .
Thank you .
Today , I 'd like to share with you a small but historic story , together with my own view on it .
I hope you will like it .
In the historical , there was a dynasty called Jin , during which this story took place .
A little boy called Lucky Wang , however , was not so lucky as his name suggested .
At an early age , he lost his mother to illness .
As a result , in order to be sure that he could get the same love from a mother as other children , his father married another woman .
On the contrary , the reality was inconsistent with what he expected .
Lucky Wang 's stepmother was such a snake - hearted woman that she did as many cruel things as she could to torture this poor boy .
One day in an especially chilly winter , Lucky Wang 's stepmother got sick suddenly .
Not concerned with the harsh environment but her own appetite , she demanded Lucky Wang make a delicious meal with fresh fish .
In desperation , he walked to the river bank .
Seeing the frozen water surface , he could do nothing but cry .
As time flew , the sun sank little by little , which made Lucky Wang feel more and more helpless .
So depressed was Lucky Wang that he simply lay on the ice weeping .
It was exactly when he was hesitating whether to go home to face the beatings from his stepmother or not that two carp leaped up out of the ice and flopped onto the bank in front of him .
Surprised and delighted , the boy took the fish home and prepared delicious fish soup for his stepmother .
Moved by this little boy 's filial devotion , his stepmother changed her attitude and started to love him from her deep heart .
Ever since then , what filled this family is just happiness and love .
After listening to the short story , some people were deeply moved by the happy ending , however , others thought it was unrealistic .
No matter what the fact was , or even if it never happened , the story just wanted to emphasize the importance of Filial Piety .
Even if it was a fiction , the goal to make all the people in society be filial could also be achieved , which would keep the society harmonious as well as orderly for a long time .
Also , it was the governor 's ultimate purpose .
Only through this cultural education combined with other ways , could they keep their government generation by generation as they expected .
How to ensure an adequately financed retirement ?
I am an assertive and proactive girl who is plugging away towards a great number of goals .
However , sometimes , when I am thinking about my future , it is hard to imagine what is waiting for me .
I want to live to a ripe old age , but at the same time I am afraid of it .
Our society is becoming an increasingly elderly one .
It is in fashion to have a small family , but have you ever thought about problems it may cause ?
The greatest one is the burden of financing care .
In this day and age it falls on the taxpayers .
It does not boost their confidence in future prospects .
We often hear that no obstacle is ever insurmountable . However , is it true ?
Sooner or later we will have to face the music .
Only in that moment will we understand that we are one of the millions of pensioners who need a lot of different services to live as fulfilled and independent a life as we deserve .
We can not rob Peter to pay Paul .
The taxpayers try not to go against the establishment .
They help our ageing population , but we should make some new reforms to subsidise the shortfall in our budget .
Otherwise , this situation will have a detrimental effect on the taxpayers .
First of all , it would be a good idea to encourage young people to start saving money as soon as possible .
In such a way , they can remain alert no matter what will happen .
Yesterdays ' petrified men will become confident .
Secondly , the state could take 5 percent from every salary .
The pensioners would receive their money when they retire .
It would be a long - lasting benefit for both parties .
Our state would have a large sum of money , which is an invaluable resource .
On the other hand , the pensioners will be sure of their futures .
The crux of the matter is to start these reforms now .
The law of the jungle is not appropriate here .
Everyone should think not just about his own benefit , but about others .
We can not make a killing immediately .
However , step by step , we will work our way up .
Firstly , I have to say that I disagree with the statement " There is no future for public transport " . I think public transport has lots of advantages , more than travelling by car .
You do n't have to search for parking and you do n't have to pay for parking .
You only have to be aware of when your public transport leaves and be there a couple of minutes before .
You can relax when you are travelling , listening to music or reading a book .
Finally , travelling by public transport is generally cheaper than travelling by car .
Maybe you spend more hours than travelling by car but I think it is worth it , because you can save money .
I usually travel by public transport and it is half of the cost of if I do it by car .
So , I think the statement should be like this : " There is no future for travelling by car , because public transport is so much more convenient and cheaper " .
I 'm not a huge fan of sports in general , but I do take pleasure in engaging in smaller - scale basketball matches , most of which would probably fall into the so - called ' street ' category , or streetball to be more specific .
It takes a higher level of creativity and spontaneity to succeed in it than your usual basketball match , since its flexible rules , no - coach system , intensified relationship between the player and the crowd , and reduced number of participants widen and complicate its field of possible actions .
The ' style ' factor of it ( or " aesthetic value " if you will ) also plays an important role , again , intensifying the relationship between the team and the crowd while granting the pleasure of contemplating and executing flowing movement sequences , finishing a play , or just stylishly mocking your opponent .
Not to mention the social bonding ability of it , while game tension between the opposing teams is somewhat inevitable , the irreverent , human , no - strings - attached nature of streetball events always compensate for its negative aspects ( which , upon closer inspection , appear to be shared between every single sports event ) .
It is a fun , culturally - enriching experience which I recommend anyone interested in going beyond the competitive aspect of sports to try .
The health of teenagers : a latent problem
Nowadays , it seems that teenagers are less healthy than young people who lived 20 years ago .
Researchers have claimed that new generations are likely to suffer from more diseases .
But is it really so ?
Firstly , teenagers today eat lots of junk food , which is definitely harmful , as it leads to obesity ( Summerfield , 2013 ) .
Moreover , they often smoke and drink alcohol , which causes serious physical and mental diseases ( CasaColumbia , 2007 ) .
Furthermore , teenagers have changed their lifestyles and now they are generally sedentary , since they use their computers or watch TV all day long instead of doing sports .
Nevertheless , governments claim that nowadays they are more aware of the importance of health than in the past .
For instance , in Chile , the programme Elige Vivir Sano tries to improve the eating habits of young people in educational institutions , where fun activities are promoted to students while integrating healthy living ( Elige Vivir Sano , 2012 ) .
Lastly , everyone must understand that good health is above wealth .
Parents and children should be informed about the use of drugs and junk food consumption , in order to raise awareness and improve their quality of life .
Travelling by car is great .
We can personalise our needs and wishes , such as listening to songs , talking to our friends and family members , eating and drinking and stopping for food or toilet needs anytime , anywhere .
On the one hand , public transport is more convenient for large cities as it provides a service to a larger number of people and we avoid traffic jams and the need to find parking spots , besides the fact that we wo n't get worried about leaving our cars parked on the street and , when we come back , the car could have been robbed or stolen .
On the other hand , cars tend to pollute more than electric trains and this problem ought to be taken into consideration when someone has to decide between using public transport or a car .
The world is getting smaller for people with so many cars around ; it 's about time everyone thought about the community and not about themselves .
The government ought to plan campaigns to make people aware of that and try to find ways to reduce transport fares .
With both sides benefiting , the future of public transport will be safe .
Public transport has been improved to such an extent that , nowadays , it is probably competing with private transport .
Although we can choose more destinations and it is more comfortable , prices are not competitive enough to definitively substitute the car .
Among all the means of transport , the train has become the most important public transport for short and middle distances .
Without a doubt , long - distance journeys are best carried out by plane .
When considering the bus , users feel that it does not offer any advantages compared to the car and it is only taken when no other option is possible .
As I see it , drivers really appreciate the freedom of choosing their destination , the time to leave or to arrive , even the people to go with .
If not , they would not make the investment of a car and pay for its maintenance costs and fuel .
Indeed , the public transport cost for the same journey done by car hardly covers the amount invested .
More and more , the oil shortage makes prices for fuel increase , and so does the price for public transport ; the economic policy of importing countries tends to establish saving measures in order to be strategically less dependent .
Moreover , considering pollution , private transport seems to be much more difficult to manage , because it is an individual decision .
In the near future , this fact will be seriously taken into account by governments .
To sum up , future generations will have to face the challenge of a sustainable world and , certainly , public transport will play an important role .
Chic & Creative Dessert Lounge
ATUM Desserant is an awesome dessert lounge on 16/F in the new L Square building in Causeway Bay !
I found out about this new shop from friends and pictures online , so I decided to go check it out for myself .
As I had arrived just as they opened at 1 pm , I had the whole place to myself .
The majority of the space was taken up by a U - shaped marble counter where customers can sit and observe their desserts being made .
Several lounge sofas were available on the side for big groups to sit together , but the view was what caught my eye as the floor - to - ceiling windows let in a vast amount of natural light .
The patio is probably a bit narrow to place tables outside , but people can go out and enjoy the view when the weather is cooler .
The decor was very simple and chic with abstract paintings hanging on the wall which would allude to the style of desserts being served here .
I started chatting with the chef , who told me that he wanted to start a dessert lounge for people to relax and enjoy desserts .
He felt that a lot of places out there tend to make the experience too rushed , where you have to queue up for an hour and finish eating in 20 minutes before they kick you out .
There are currently 9 desserts offered on the menu with prices ranging from $ 108 to $ 138 , while there is also the famous Improvisation dessert for 2 at $ 328 . I could n't decide what to get at first because they all sounded so interesting , so I asked the chef for recommendations .
He recommended the Bamboo Charcoal as the theme is chocolate , which was perfect for me !
Each dessert comes with some appetizers to cleanse your palate .
The test tube contained watermelon juice with sea salt , which was very refreshing to drink in the summer heat .
The salt brought out the sweetness of the watermelon while working as a balancing agent so the juice would not be too sweet .
I was told that the drink / soup changes frequently depending on what would be suitable at the moment .
Bamboo Charcoal ( $ 138 ) - I got to watch the chef as he prepared my dessert at the counter and I was getting more and more excited about tating his artful presentation as it came to life !
It literally looked like a piece of abstract painting .
This was a chocolate themed dessert with bamboo charcoal ice cream , chocolate ice marshmallow , chocolate caviar and raspberry sorbet .
I did n't know what charcoal ice cream would taste like , but it was actually chocolate mixed with a bit of charcoal .
The chocolate flavor was rich but not too sweet , while the raspberry sorbet was delightfully tart and tangy .
My surprise favorite was the microwaved sponge cake that the chef added at the last minute .
He told me that this is a new method of making sponge cake in the microwave that results in a very fluffy texture which would be hard to achieve in a traditional oven due to temperature constraints and timing .
It was very light and fluffy while still full of flavor !
The dessert also came with a choice of coffee or tea , so I opted for the Lime Flower & Lavender Tea on their recommendation as well .
My tea was brought out with a teapot and a small hourglass timer and I was supposed to wait 3 minutes before I poured the tea .
The smell of the lavender was wondrous , while the flavor was almost mint - like and refreshing to drink .
They also offered me some honey to add to my tea when I thought it was n't flavorful enough at first .
Verdict - I was very impressed with the desserts at ATUM Desserant , as they were delightful for both the eyes and the mouth !
It would be perfect if they served alcohol as well and they told me that they are in talks with the building management to do so .
The price was n't cheap for dessert , but if you take into account the entire experience and compare it to what you pay for drinks at a bar or lounge , it 's pretty comparable actually .
They also told me that they plan on introducing a new tea set menu during the day , so stay tuned !
I ca n't wait to go back and try all of their dessert flavors !
As the days go by , more discoveries are being unearthed at a rapid pace .
The major thing I imagine will be found in the next 50 years is magic .
Some advantages are given in the following passage .
For example , we will be able to travel through time .
Imagine looking at Shakespeare in his English class , Einstein in his first science class , and Picasso picking up his paintbrush for the very first time .
We will not only witness all of the greatest moments in time but also correct the mistakes we make .
Nonetheless , there are some disadvantages . If a person possesses a magic power that is too powerful for others to defend themselves against , he or she can basically rule the world .
Additionally , terrible wars will break out if one group of magic possessors get greedy and try to take away other people 's powers .
In the end , the discovery of new things can never come to an end .
Thus , we should prepare ourselves for whatever is coming in the future .
Dear mum ,
It has been a long while since I last saw you and dad .
Hope things are winding down for you well !
Please do not worry too much about me , I am having a joyous time here in Japan .
Undeniably , the food culture disparity between China and Japan is tremendous , although our ancestors originated from the same ethic .
But still , our customs have evolved a lot .
Due to the geographical conditions where Japan is located in the Pacific Ocean , people here have adapted to eating raw fish and like to offer it as a main dish to serve customers in most restaurants .
Unfortunately , I do n't like eating raw foods , especially under - cooked fish .
It arouses in me a feeling of nausea .
So , I can only have a cup of noodles on those nights when I leave school at 8:00 p.m.
Apart from the eating culture , everything is going well as people here are generous and hospitable .
My host family take me to different hot spots and teach me how to speak Japanese , in order to facilitate the
progress of integrating into their culture .
Last week , we went to Mount Fuji .
The mountain was half - melted with a glacier on top .
That was magnificent and mind - blowing .
I have never seen such scenery like that in my country , since the climate in South China is humid and hot .
How is life going on with you and dad ?
I am looking forward to hearing from you !
Love ,
Katherine
Everyone has their own favourite sport .
The same goes for me .
I love football the most , as most men would .
There are many things that explain why I prefer football to other sports .
I enjoy playing football with my friends as it can strengthen our friendship and bolster our love .
When we play football , we definitely cooperate with the other teammates in order to be the winner .
The one who is in the back position will try their hard to block the opponent teammates from scoring , while those who play in the attacking position will make up their strategy in order to score .
This clearly shows that football needs strong cooperation from all of the team 's players .
My advice to those who are starting this sport is to practise a lot , as football needs continuous practice to master the game and be the king of the field .
My second piece of advice for them is to always have a cooperative game with your teammates .
All of them .
The worst players are those who do not put their trust in the other teammates and the best ones are those who put their full trust in their teammates .
Scuba diving is obviously one of the most exciting and thrilling sports on earth .
Who does not want to feel like an astronaut on our own planet exploring the magical underwater world just on a recreational trip ?
I definitely embrace the fact that the diving community has recently been exploding with many new enthusiastic members , not only bringing a unique experience into our lives , but also enhancing awareness about environmental conservation issues among the broader public .
The downside of this is that hordes of eager newly trained divers populate the underwater world , often with little clue as to the life - threatening risks that they are taking .
I am writing this letter as a wake up call to those who think that their recently earned certification gives them the skills to go out diving wherever they want .
How thoughtless is that ?
From my point of view , it should rather be seen as a license to learn .
Consequently , I see a pretty massive responsibility for the instructors and dive masters in telling the newcomers about the risks of their sport .
To my great astonishment , I witnessed a completely different pattern of behaviour time and again .
I saw dive - buddies and even professional dive masters pushing and encouraging novice divers to extend their limits in order to dive to that spectacular wreck or enter that mysterious cave when they simply do not have the appropriate training for it .
Unbelievable !
Please , let everybody take their own responsibility !
You can imagine that it is really traumatic for divers when they encounter a corpse in the water , not to mention the great distress such a disaster causes for the family that was left behind .
The bottom line is : get as much out of your diving experiences as you can , but stay safely within your own boundaries set by your personal training and practice .
I love teaching because I love to learn and love to share my knowledge with others .
I also love to see the spark flashing in students ' eyes when they understand a concept , try to express themselves with Chinese and finally use it correctly .
For me , learning a language is not only translating the forms to express oneself , but a way to understand how the native speakers describe and interpret this world .
Successful communication between different cultures will happen only when we express ourselves precisely and interpret the information accurately .
Chinese , as a language course , is concerned with encoding and decoding .
Students have to master language skills , with which the students can achieve their academic goals .
Meanwhile , students should have deeper understanding of Chinese culture and viewpoints .
Acquiring a language and culture is a long - term process which includes learning , practicing , making mistakes and correcting .
As a language teacher , I hope my students will have a deeper and broader understanding of this language , their interest in this language will be stimulated by the course and they will learn the language constantly .
Marilyn Monroe once said ,
" Fame will go by and , so long , I 've had you , fame .
If it goes by , I 've always known it was fickle .
So at least it 's something I experience , but that 's not where I live . "
Let 's take into consideration the last sentence , " It 's something I experience , but that 's not where I live . "
It is obvious that everyone , no matter if they are famous or not , deserves to have a private life .
I am pretty sure that most people even wish for that .
Some of them have to mature for that and some of them feel it from the beginning .
Fame is a side effect of work in the media and so is spine disease for people who work in an office or threat to life or health for firefighters .
It would be completely pointless if we were judging people on the basis of the job they have .
Everyone is equal , so everyone deserves the same .
People who decide to work in show - business or the media have to be aware of having less privacy .
They lose their anonymity , become recognizable ,
which is an inseparable part of this kind of occupation .
Because of their fame , they also give employment to other people , like paparazzi and journalists .
We live in times where people are very curious about other people 's lives , so the above - mentioned occupations are necessary ,
but let 's think ... is it really so interesting to know , for example , what Madonna 's second husband eats for breakfast ?
Would we , not - famous people , want that kind of interest ?
Let 's step into famous people 's shoes .
I think we all have our own magnificent lives and we should focus on them .
This is what counts the most .
So , let politicians , film stars , singers and others be .
Michael had been running on empty all week .
Besides being in charge of organizing his younger sister 's surprise birthday party , he had also been put in charge of the entire Information Technology department of the company he worked for .
His former boss retired and nominated him for the position , claiming he was more than qualified and had the appropriate skill set to keep the department on track as well as make any necessary changes .
The truth was he had been expecting a promotion in the near future , just not in this precise week .
Michael did n't mean to sound ungrateful , because he was delighted , but the timing could n't have been worse .
Michael had to move from his small cubicle to his own office , he had to adapt and he had to do it fast .
The only problem was that it seemed nothing was going to work in his favour . The servers had crashed and he was the one who had to fix them .
As soon as one problem in the company was solved , another one , just as infuriating , would come up with the party planning .
He was exhausted , so he decided to go home , let his mother deal with the party , and any problems would be taken care of by his co - workers .
It was risky , he knew it , but he had no energy left in him .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
The scope of this report is to give readers an overview of the historical development of water treatment , the changing perception of standardization of water treatment , and the continuous improvement of the technologies that are involved due to the growing lists of water quality parameters to be monitored .
This report is an introductory document meant for students interested in the field of water treatment .
Supply of potable water is perhaps the most important part of all municipal services .
Clean and adequate water supply system is a vital aspect in public health and social prosperity .
It is essential for all forms of life in which water participates in numerous biochemical reactions such as distribution of nutrients , removal of metabolic waste , and body temperature regulation .
People depend on water for cooking , drinking , and other domestic purposes .
Water treatment must meet the requirements of public and industrial standards .
In all cases , the treatment process must fulfill both quality and efficient use of resources .
CHAPTER 2
HISTORY OF WATER TREATMENT
2.1 WATER TREATMENT IN THE PAST
Mithen 's ( 2010 ) research shows that most ancient civilizations inaugurated themselves near water resources and successful civilizations were dependent upon delicate systems of water transport .
Although the importance of water quality was not well understood , the importance of water was apparent to our ancestors .
Greek historian Diodorus Siculus , ca .
80 - 20 BC , wrote forty books of world history and in the translated version by Oldfather ( 1939 ) , Siculus provided early documents about purifying water , such as through boiling and sand filtration , dating all the way back to 2000 BC in ancient Greece .
Since microbiology was not yet studied , people at that time could not distinguish between clean and polluted water .
The main precautionary measure was purely judging the turbidity of the water , and this false practice has remained ever since , even nowadays .
It took years for people to recognize that their senses of smell and vision were not reliable judges of water quality .
Figure 1 A qunat at the National Library of Iran , Tehran ( http://media-1.boo.britainica.com/eb-media/72/987654-004-03E63A41.jpg )
The development of qunats ( Figure 1 ) began about 2,500 years ago in Iran . They were sloping tunnels drilled into the foot of a hill that contained groundwater .
This ancient type of water supply system is still used in arid regions of the world .
For example , in 1933 the capital city of Iran , Tehran , drew its entire water supply system using the same principle of qunats , though with a lot more complications added into it .
These complications were primarily caused by pollution in the underground water which was previously unknown .
Unlike the past , where people had little knowledge about sanitation and hygiene , with better scientific understanding and public education , people learn to think and evaluate the quality of the water that they are drinking and using every day .
2.3 BREAKTHROUGHS IN THE TWENTIETH CENTURY
The history of water treatment continued in 1670 , as two Dutch glass makers investigated magnification glasses and that led to the invention of the microscope .
This scientific discovery broke down barriers and enabled biologists to observe organisms that were invisible to the naked eye ( Figure 2 ) .
In 1676 , Scientist Antonie van Leeuwenhoek ,
The Chachas Restaurant
The " Chachas " is a restaurant situated in a mall on the outskirts of Bern .
People of all ages and cultures eat there .
The restaurant 's slogan is " positive eating " and they definitely live out that phrase .
The large dining room with a high ceiling is what catches everybody 's eye , especially when you set foot in the restaurant for the first time .
There are no walls separating the foyer from the dining room or the kitchen from the guests .
This said , you can imagine the atmosphere is comfortably airy .
Sitting at any table , you can watch the chefs preparing the fresh food .
Long wooden tables , which would be perfectly suitable for a class our size , are placed in the middle of the dining room .
Assembled around those long tables , you will find smaller tables and even a cosy lounge for people waiting for a free table .
The menu offers a wide range of mouth - watering Thai dishes including starters , curries , noodles and desserts .
Additionally , they offer a monthly alternating " special menu " card presenting five main courses .
The food is always freshly prepared .
The chefs take great care in selecting only the best quality food .
They avoid using convenience food and any kind of artificial flavors .
Definitely worth pointing out are the excellent fruit juices .
Another aspect I would like to emphasise is the service .
The waiters go out of their way .
They are courteous and industrious .
The restaurant offers good quality food for reasonable prices and the atmosphere is very welcoming .
And , as I know that my classmates prefer light and healthy food , I highly recommend going to the " Chachas " restaurant .
There has been substantial attention to writers ' self - presentation and identity in online social media recently ; Boyed ( 2008 ) studied how teens present themselves online through Myspace site ; Lee ( 2014 : 92 ) reports that people present a different identity on Facebook through using " a different language and writing style " .
He asserts that language choice and identity are not " predetermined " and are prone to change ( Lee 2014 : 91 ) ; their change is derived from the context where discourse is negotiated and how " interlocutors interpret the identities being projected " ( ibid : 91 ) .
Therefore , context , including the participants , their social purpose , their means and channel of communication , plays a role in language choice and identity construction .
Lee ( 2014 : 92 ) refers to the " forms of participation " in social media and having the sense of an audience in mind as the key elements that can possibly change " the way people think of themselves " that changes the way they present themselves and their identity online as a result .
He refers to using nicknames , for example , as a means of self - expression that can shape the audience 's mind and interpretation of writers ' identity .
Lee ( 2014 ) defines three methods of self - presentation in most social media : ( 1 ) " online profile " ( p. 97 ) , that is the " entry point to social networking " .
In Boyed 's terms , profile is an important space where writers tell the audience " who they are and how they want to be seen " ; a link that connects people 's " offline and online identities"(2008 : 129 ) .
Examining teens ' identity construction on social media , he states that profile is where teens " express salient aspects of their identity for others to see and interpret " ( 2008 : 129 ) ; ( 2 ) " continuous status updating " , that is updating about life and sharing experiences from the " first person " point of view and ( 3 ) " visual representation " , that is " visual images " ( p. 98)(emphasized as in original ) .
Continuous updating , as a method of self - presentation , is one of the features of blog writing by which blog - writers can share their emotional experiences and views with the audience .
Whether the weblog - writers prefer presenting the world from their own angle , through using the first person pronoun , or tell their stories through the readers ' eyes , by involving other grammatical subjects , is among the focuses of this study .
It seems that checking the Subject , as an interpersonal element in the clause , can provide evidence of my student - writers ' self - presentation and involvement in the discourse constructed in their blogs .
This is also relevant to the notion of stance and position or the existence of author in the text .
It was a sunny day in Turin .
The children were playing outside , old and new couples were enjoying their love , and everything seemed to be completely bright .
In the busy streets , a student was walking fast , apparently unaware of all this .
Suddenly , he turned left and stopped , as if he did n't know what to do next .
He then saw a young woman waving at him .
A few minutes later , they were together in a bar .
Michael was still hurt .
They had plans for the future before .. he thought he would marry her .
And then everything had crashed .
Michael tried not to think about it and to listen instead to what she was saying ...
Her voice was weak and feeble as she said " .. and I was really depressed , you know , and then I thought ... we always talked about going to India ... and I thought ... maybe we could fix everything .. so .. I'm just asking .. will you go to India with me ? "
She looked at him and he thought she was still beautiful .
He loved her and she was trying to get back with him , as he had hoped in the last months .
But suddenly , he thought he was really angry with her .
" I 'm sorry , but I do n't want to hear from you anymore " he said , and then stood up and , without looking at her , walked out of the bar .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Dear Paul ,
Thanks for your e - mail .
I 'm glad to hear that you are having a great time abroad volunteering for this international cultural organization .
I think that it is a wonderful idea to collect different experiences before starting university studies .
As you know , I spent last month in Eastern Europe working for a similar cultural organization and I have hands - on experience of organising a cultural festival and particularly a musical concert .
I loved my job there and if I had an opportunity to do it again , I definitely would .
During my staying there , I was responsible for taking care of the musicians and contacting the media .
What I especially loved about my job there , was the opportunity to work with such a diverse group of people .
I learned how to respond to different people 's needs resulting from cultural differences and expectations .
I also really appreciated the practical experience I was able to get there - how to organise work in the office so that everything goes smoothly and everyone gets what they want , how to use social media for advertising and promotion , how to communicate with the press and television etc .
I look forward to hearing from you soon and I hope that you 'll find this experience as amazing as I did .
All the best .
XYZ
I agree with the statement .
It is well known that gossip magazines are bought by lots of people who are interested in what these people do , the kind of clothes they wear , or even the tattoos they have .
In fact , although they are famous , they are people too , which means that they should be free to do whatever they like in their free time .
This happens because some people are famous just because they have had an affair with a singer or a footballer , so the only thing people want to know about them is if that is true or not , and when it happened .
It would come to an end if society changed the concept of " famous people " .
In the case of politicians , I do n't mind what they do on their holidays , for example , if they work properly when they should .
But I think there is an exception : the monarchy .
I think the Royal Family is an exception because they are supported by all the citizens , so I think we ( as citizens ) have the right to know everything they do if we want .
I mean , it would be better that there was more transparency as far as how they spend " our money " is concerned .
I think journalists should follow famous people only when they do something related to their profession or the fact that has made them famous .
Soon on your plans : College Film Club
Do you have a great passion for films ?
Do you like to socialize and meet new people ?
Then College Film Club is just for you !
Let me introduce myself .
I was just one more student from our college , with plenty of free time and looking for something else to do .
It happened that one day a friend of mine took me to a Film Club session .
I now feel complete .
Do n't you want to feel the same ?
Come and join us !
We meet every Monday in the college theatre .
Every week we watch a different type of film so that we can please every member and improve our cinematography knowledge .
This is followed by an animated discussion in English , accompanied by drinks from the coffee bar , which is open late , of course !
Every now and then , we have special guests coming over , such as professional reviewers or independent directors .
We 've had , for example , Hugh Williams and George King .
Next week we 'll be watching " Dancer in the Dark " , by Lars von Trier , a distinctive Danish filmmaker .
Will I see you there ?
We 're expecting you !
When Elena saw the house for the first time , she could n't believe her eyes !
It was a bright sunny day and the birds were peacefully singing .
Meanwhile , Elen was going to receive a birthday present from her boyfriend , Ken : a house for them both to live in .
At first , Ken , had thought about giving her some cruise tickets as a present .
But after a while he thought about something bigger , huge and more expensive .
A house for them to live in !
Ken was a big guy , short hair , sharp teeth and nose , light skin , blond hair and sky - blue eyes .
That day was the day , Elena 's birthday , and Ken was n't sure how to give that massive present when , suddenly , he had an excellent idea .
He had already thought about that so he grabbed a blindfold and put it over Elena 's eyes .
When Elena took it off she was blown away , completely amazed at what she saw .
In front of her was a stunning house .
It was enormous , with huge windows , white walls and with superb views of the sea and the shore .
Elena could n't have been happier with the situation .
She also appeared to be relieved that she would n't have to live with her parents anymore .
After that memorable moment , she could now have a thrilling life next to the person she loved .
They lived happily ever after .
That morning , Michael woke up full of energy and feeling very optimistic about his first day in his new job .
He carefully chose the clothes he was going to wear .
He chose a blue tie and a light grey suit .
It took him twenty minutes to do his hair .
Every single detail should be perfect to make the best first impression .
You only have one opportunity to make a good first impression , he said to himself .
When he was totally satisfied with his look he turned his bedroom light on and off eight times .
Michael always thought that this little ritual gave him an extra piece of luck .
He went out of his little apartment and walked full of confidence to the bus stop .
He thought happily that he was not only on his way to his new job but he was on his way to his new life .
When he arrived , the receptionist told him to go to his boss 's office .
He knocked on the door .
A woman 's voice answered .
" Yes , come in , please " .
He liked her straightaway .
She was a very kind and intelligent woman , and Michael was sure that she was going to be a perfect boss and they would work very easily together .
After the meeting and when he was leaving , he turned back and said : "
And congratulations on the baby ! " His boss looked at him angrily:- Do you think that I am pregnant ? " .
" No , no , I mean ... , I do n't think you are pregnant at all " .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Our city offers visitors a huge range of possibilities to go shopping .
If you are crazy about fashion but your budget is really tight , there are a lot of second - hand shops where you can buy a lot with a little money .
Window shopping along our high street is another option .
Here you will find all the trendy brands and much more .
For example , people interested in cooking have some gourmet shops where they will be able to taste our traditional products .
A must for all tourists , even if they do n't want to buy anything , is the oldest shopping centre in the country .
This magnificent building is situated in the city centre and it was built seventy years ago in an ancient palace .
Other modern malls are located in the suburbs , but do n't worry , our city has an excellent public transport service to get there .
When the weather is good , especially during spring , street markets are really popular .
You can buy all you can imagine there but one of them is really extraordinary .
It is celebrated on mother 's day , in May , the first Sunday and it is located in the city 's longest avenue , around a kilometre full of flowers , where you can make your own bouquet for your mother 's present .
These are some ideas to enjoy shopping while you are visiting our city , but there are many more to discover !
Yes , it 's true that the car is far more convenient than public transport .
When you 're driving your own car you have a lot of comfort .
You are sitting in a comfortable seat .
You are listening to your favourite music .
The temperature level is exactly what you like .
And you never , ever , come into contact with other people .
Well , there can be some pretty girls among the passengers for sure , but it 's far too often that you will have to sit near some stinky bum .
More than that , the car is always there when you need it .
You do n't have to wait till it arrives and it is never late .
Your car will always go to the right place - no transport changes , no awkward routes .
But , will it always be the best choice ?
No , not at all !
When you want to travel the world or just go to visit your parents who are two thousand miles from you , it would be better to take a bus or a train .
You wo n't be able to cover such a distance in one day .
So , in that case , it 's better to leave your car at home .
And what if the car you 're driving breaks down ?
Just imagine that you are sitting in the broken down car , at night , without any sign of a car service for fifty miles around you !
The high cost of fuel will definitely be the lesser evil in this situation .
So I 'd have to say this .
For short distances , maybe one or two hundred miles , a car is ideal .
But if you take a big journey alone , you 'd better take the good old bus , just like 100 years ago .
People may say that travelling on public transport is the future for our lives .
But in truth there is no future at all for it , as our lives nowadays are becoming more and more demanding in terms of multitasking , goal seeking and family conciliation .
Public transport offers a range of timetables for trains , buses or metro , but when it comes to dealing with the day - to - day tasks , we very often find travelling in our own car is the easiest way .
For instance , travelling with children is very annoying on public transport due to all the security issues involved .
There is no easy way to carry our weekly shopping , stuff for the gym or instruments on public transport .
We try to steal minutes from every hour to find time to do all the things we want to do .
Waiting at the bus station for our next bus after just missing the last one , being stuck in the middle of a crowd trying to reach the same train as everyone else , does n't make our lives any easier at all .
At the end of the day , we decide to use our car , as , the way we live today , combining work , family and hobbies all at once , cars becoming mobile houses seems to be our best option .
Dear Paul ,
I hope you 're doing well and everything is ok .
I 'm writing to you because I want to tell you about my experience .
You wanted to know what I was said to do before and during the concert , so I will try to explain everything .
The concert took place in Los Angeles , it was a month ago I think . You can be sure that I had the time of my life .
Everything about helping at this concert was so exciting .
Starting from sending the invitations to the most famous people in the city and calling the shots .
I had to take care of other volunteers .
I had to check their work and correct their mistakes .
Speaking of which , it was n't easy .
Dealing with other people is the hardest part , especially when they 're the same age as you .
I think I did my best .
Another good thing is that I had a chance to talk to journalists .
They came from different parts of the world .
There were people from Russia , Germany , Brazil .
It was really great to meet them and to talk with them .
By the way , do you know Jess Morrow ?
She 's a journalist from the New York Times .
She 's very famous and I told her everything she wanted to know about the show .
Before the concert started , me and my co - workers had to clean the stage , set up the equipment and make sure everything worked well : the sound , the lighting and the instruments .
Helping at this concert was a hard work but very inspiring .
I 'm glad that I had a chance to do it .
Best wishes ,
XYZ
My father has had a boat for as long as I can remember , so I 've been sailing since I was a little girl .
I particularly enjoy the sense of freedom that it gives me : there 's nothing better than being out on the water with only the sound of the waves , and of the wind in the sails .
I find that people consider sailing either a very boring sport , or a very dangerous one ;
I guess because I 've been practicing for such long time , I do n't agree in either case .
Indeed , people can get bored while sailing , if they just sit and do n't interact with the rest of the crew ,
and it can be dangerous too , if one does n't know how to move on a boat .
Sailing is all about cooperation , and to really enjoy it one needs to do it regularly , to be able to get to know the crew and find the most suitable role on the deck .
Being a good sailor does n't mean knowing all about it , the point of sails , the winds , and so on . For me , a good sailor is someone that knows the boat s / he 's sailing on , and is able to deal with all the possible situations and also the kinds of people s / he might possibly have to deal with .
If you take the time to ask around , you 'll find out that a lot of the most experienced sailors never took classes .
So , the most important piece of advice I would give to everyone is : try ,
and if the first time is not so good , try again : in different weather conditions , with different people , and different kinds of boats .
Maybe you will not get addicted to it as much as I am , but I 'm sure you will have a great time , and , in the worst case , you will have the chance to meet wonderful people .
I would not say that there is no future for public transport .
First of all , public transport is far more convenient for people in big cities .
Our monthly fuel expenses can be reduced by using public transport to get to the workplace .
Nowadays , environmental pollution is also important . That 's why public transport should be promoted as an environmentally friendly means of transport .
A car is not always much more convenient . For example , in a big city it is far more convenient to use the underground than a car during the rush hour .
When we use public transport , we can read a newspaper or book and when we drive a car it 's impossible .
In my opinion , nowadays , driving a car is very stressful because of traffic density .
Driving a car is also more tiring . A driver must concentrate all the time .
Of course , public transport is not always more convenient .
When we want to go on a weekend trip to the countryside , a car is irreplaceable for families with children or animals .
Also , going on holidays by car can be very convenient .
With a car we are more independent than with public transport .
There are many pros and cons , but for sure , we ca n't say that there is no future for public transport .
This summer I am bringing a group of 12- to 14-year - old students to Athens and I am looking for suitable accommodation .
At present I am uncertain about the number of students , but it will probably be about 15 .
While we are there , we not only want to see the many attractions in the city , but we would like to visit some of the beautiful places nearby too , so we are looking for a reasonably priced hotel , in the city centre , with good transport links .
It is possible that we will stay in Athens about ten days .
During our stay , we require the following : twin - bedded rooms , in the same hotel , breakfast and , on occasion , evening meal .
Furthermore , I would like to ask you if there are any individuals who would be able to look after groups like us ?
Are you able to arrange activities and local transportation for us ?
Also , it would be great if you could inform me of some special discounts , such as cheaper air travel .
I look forward to hearing from you as soon as possible .
Introduction
The principal objectives of this proposal are to outline the main problems that the company 's website has , and suggest ways that the web designers can deal with them .
The final section of this proposal makes some recommendations about what should be done to improve the website aesthetic and improve user - friendliness .
Problems with the current website
A survey was conducted among the 200 people who filed complaints .
The majority of people were of the opinion that the site was clunky and hard to use and nearly two thirds of the participants considered that the design needs to be modernised .
Other problems cited included pretty low uptime of the website , connection issues and login problems , particularly correct credentials not working .
Ways to address the issues
I think the website needs to be revamped to attract more users .
The look and feel should follow the " material design " standards as they are defined by Google and should use more modern fonts .
As for the server and database administrators , they should immediately resolve the issues regarding the backend part of the website .
Recommendations
I would like to make the following recommendations :
Implement a tutorial to facilitate better usability for new users , and also make it possible to retake the tutorial as per user request .
Conduct a survey on a minimum of one thousand people on what features the website should include .
Develop a better feedback system so users can express their concerns and questions in a more detailed way .
I assure you that if these recommendations are implemented , the website will improve significantly .
Alison read the note , smiled , and immediately put on her coat .
Although it had been a tiring day , she was very proud of that little sheet of paper .
She had just got the job and she wanted to show what her skills were .
No one could have imagined that she was such a brilliant person and when she gave the article to the boss , the latter was quite astonished .
The next day , the boss ordered her to write an article about the natural beauties of Colombia , a small State located in South America .
So she left on Monday and she landed in Bogotà Tuesday .
Never had she seen such a high waterfall .
She used to live in a flat , so she had never discovered how different and beautiful the world was .
That evening , she met with a local guide . She was invited to taste the local food and to dance with the traditional clothes of that friendly civilization .
The following day , she went back to London where all her family was waiting for her since they were very curious about Alison 's weird trip .
Sport is probably as old as humanity itself .
All over the world , people of different ages are very fond of sport and games .
Sport not only helps people to become strong and to develop physically but also makes them more organized and better disciplined in their daily activities .
Sport helps people to keep in good health .
Needless to say that sport plays a very important role in our life .
It gives us a lot of pleasure and many moments of joy .
It 's popular among young and old people .
Many people do morning exercises , jog in the morning , train themselves in fitness clubs and gyms , and take part in sports competitions .
Other people like sports too , but they only watch sports competitions , listen to sports news .
They prefer reading interesting articles about athletes and sports events , but they do n't go in for sports .
There are a lot of kinds of sports , such as swimming , wrestling , cycling , boxing , football , hockey , track and field athletics and so on .
There are summer and winter kinds of sports .
The summer kinds of sports are , for example , swimming , athletics , football , volleyball , basketball and others .
The winter kinds of sports are , for example , figure skating , skiing , ice hockey etc .
Among the popular sports in our country are football , basketball , swimming , volleyball , tennis , gymnastics , figure skating and others .
You can choose a sport for any season and for any taste .
I 'd like to describe some of them .
In spring and summer many people prefer to go in for jogging .
This is a very popular sport and very good for your health .
You run slowly and enjoy the beauty of nature around you .
This kind of sport is getting more and more popular all over the world .
If you go to Europe , you can see a lot of people who go in for jogging .
Speaking about sport , I ca n't help talking about football , because this is very spectacular kind of sport .
There are a lot of football teams , football events , and fan clubs in almost every country of the world .
Some football players are world famous ; they have excellent careers and take part in every championship .
Football matches attract a lot of spectators , who come supporting their favorites .
Many people today go in for extreme sports .
Perhaps they find ordinary sports too boring and unexciting .
It is also known that extreme sports help to build character and form a strong personality .
There are different types of extreme sports . For example , rock climbing , rafting , scuba diving , surfing , snowboarding , parachuting , hang - gliding , bungee jumping etc .
These activities usually involve speed , height and a good level of physical training .
However , they are becoming more and more popular even among beginners .
Doing such sports , people learn how to overcome difficult situations and how to survive in an emergency .
It also develops patience and self - control , and helps to control your fear .
More importantly , it gives the sense of achievement .
Let 's consider some kinds of extreme sports .
Take bungee jumping .
You jump off a bridge and you fall and fall , and then , just before you hit the ground or water , an elastic rope pulls you back .
In skysurfing , you jump out of an airplane and use a board to " surf " the air , doing gymnastics in mid - air !
Winter sports always have an element of danger .
For example , snowboarding , which has all the excitement of surfing but on snow , is more dangerous even than skiing .
Ice diving is for those people who are absolutely crazy .
You put on diving equipment and dive under a frozen lake .
And , if that 's not enough , you try to walk upside down on the ice !
A lot of people are not fit nowadays .
It 's a big problem today .
If you want to feel fit , you 'd better go in for one kind of sport or another .
I think that everyone must do everything to be healthy .
Good health is better than the best medicine .
To tell the truth , I do n't do sports regularly and it is not an essential part of my daily life .
In summer , I go swimming as there is a beautiful pond with pure water where my Granny lives .
In winter , I go in for skating .
If I have free time , I go to the nearest skating - rink with my friends and we have a lot of fun , skating together .
This kind of sport is very elegant .
You should control your body very well if you wish to skate gracefully .
I should n't call myself a sports fan .
Of course , I watch sports competitions on TV from time to time , like swimming or running .
I admire extreme kinds of sport .
I think they are really cool .
I admire people who dare to do such sports .
Television is not an issue of general consensus .
It is definitely a way of spending our free time .
However , does it teach us something ?
Does it help us grow and improve our knowledge ?
On the one hand , it is said to help people to spend quality time as they can learn about the most varied subjects from the comfort of their homes .
It is possible to watch documentaries , the news , concerts , plays and learn about current affairs .
On the other hand , there are programmes which bring nothing new into our lives .
Therefore , one should not waste time watching them .
Violent programmes , reality shows and others of that kind have nothing to teach .
In these cases , TV is undoubtedly bad entertainment .
All in all , it is my belief that if we use it properly , i.e. , if we carefully choose what to watch , television can have an important role to play in the learning process of every one of us , and in particular , in the lives of people who can not afford to travel , buy books or live in an educational environment .
If you are looking for a film that provides you with suspense and action at the same time , I recommend you to watch " Now you see me " .
The film , directed by Louis Leterrier , is about four magicians , known as " The Four Horsemen " that are joined together by a mysterious benefactor , and during their presentations they do all kinds of illegal stuff , such as robbing a bank or ripping off their own boss .
Because of them , there 's an agent of the FBI , Dylan Rhodes , that pursues them through different states of the EE.UU .
The characters in charge of the four magicians are Jesse Eisenberg , Isla Fisher , Dave Franco and Woody Harrelson .
They are capable of making you think they really know how to trick someone .
Morgan Freeman is the best actor of all times and perfect for the role of developer of tricks and helper of the FBI to catch the " Four Horsemen " .
Also , there is no actor better for the role of agent than Mark Ruffalo .
But it 's not just the acting that is great in the film .
The shots of Las Vegas , New Orleans , Paris and New York are wonderful , and the fact that nothing is computerized at the time to witness the magic tricks it absolutely amazing .
So if you enjoy magic tricks , surprises , very handsome actors and splendid actresses , why would you miss it ?
What I did not do in the vacations
During the vacation , I did n't enjoy my time because I did n't find out that I am a wizard .
Also , aliens did not get me and practice surgery on me .
Sadly , I could n't meet Lady Gaga or Justin Timberlake .
I was very disappointed because I did not do any of these things during the vacation .
Since I did n't discover that I am , in fact , a wizard , I could n't get a magic wand .
I did not go to Hogwarts or turn my brother into a frog .
Being normal gets old and not being a wizard is shabby .
As aliens did n't kidnap me I did not travel all around the galaxy during this vacation week .
I did not see the planets nor meet any sexy alien girl from Saturn .
Staying at home all day is regrettable and not being kidnapped by aliens gets really boring .
After not being a wizard nor kidnapped by aliens , I did not meet Lady Gaga in New York or hang out with her and Justin Timberlake .
We three could n't sing together or make fun of Kim Kardashian .
No one likes being " unfamous " and I do n't like not being Lady Gaga 's friend .
Indeed , what I did in the vacation was sleep the whole day , hang out with my " Unfamous " friends and write and compose two and a half songs .
Watching " as in heaven , in hell " was hilarious although it is a horror movie .
But , let 's face it , doing these things is not as wonderful as discovering magic powers , being kidnapped by aliens or singing a song with Justin Timberlake and Lady Gaga .
Finally , the holidays have started .
Just a few more days and then we will be on our way to our holiday destination .
We will be travelling by car to a campsite in Germany .
It will be our third time at this campsite .
Even though it is a large campsite , it feels small and cosy .
The campsite borders on a small lake which can be quite cold , even in summer .
However , we usually do not let this stop us from going into the water .
We like to visit the cities and various sights in the area .
One of the sights we definitely want to see is the former border between West - Germany and East - Germany .
We also like hiking and are planning on doing that a couple of times per week .
The region where we will stay has a nice system that encourages people to hike .
At some point during your hikes you can collect stamps in a special booklet .
For somewhat younger children this is a nice incentive to participate in these hikes .
Some hikes are short , but steep and some hikes are long and involve no climbing at all .
We will probably stay at this campsite for about three weeks and besides the hiking we will read and laze about .
Hello ! My name 's Vanesa , I 'm 33 and I really enjoy watching soap operas .
These days I watch a lot of different soap operas , though my favourite one is -and will always be- Friends .
The plot is about six young people ( they 're about 26 ) : Ross , Rachel , Monica , Chandler , Joey & Phoebe .
They live in New York City and have a lot of comical and romantic adventures , all of them related to their friendship .
What could I say about the characters ?
Well , Ross is a paleontologist that works in the Natural History Museum , and he 's Monica 's older brother .
Monica works as the main chef in a restaurant situated in Manhattan , she has been Rachel 's best friend since high school and she longs for a boyfriend ( she finally marries Chandler ) .
Chandler is the funny guy and he works as a stock agent .
Rachel has always been daddy 's little girl but , when she breaks off her engagement at the beginning of the soap opera , she loses all her money and has to work as a waitress in a cafe ( though she gets a job related to the fashion world after a few years ) .
Joey is ... well , he 's Joey : not so clever , a great one for the girls , and -the most important- Chandler 's best friend .
And finally we have Phoebe , a veggie and bohemian girl who enjoys singing and playing the guitar and who works as a massage therapist .
The most interesting thing about ' Friends ' , in my opinion , is the love story between Ross and Rachel : the plot starts when Rachel comes to live with Monica in her apartment and Ross falls in love with her .
This story continues until the end of the soap opera , when Ross and Rachel finally have a child ( Emma ) .
But there are a lot of funny stories , like Phoebe having her stepbrother 's children , or Joey becoming a great soap opera actor .
I recommend ' Friends ' to everyone .
I think it 's the best soap opera ever made .
Living without the Internet : Is it possible ?
Oh my God !
Today is the day . I have been told that I will be moving to my new apartment .
Good news !
But , wait !
It will also mean not having access to the Internet for a month !
Will I survive ?
Will my life be the same ?
First of all , I have to say that I totally depend on the Internet .
From 7 am to 7 pm , my computer is running the Internet .
Not only do I use it for leisure , but I also use it for work . I will have to change the way I do things on a daily basis .
Secondly , I have many friends living abroad . I communicate with them using Skype .
Will I need to use the phone instead ?
Unlike the Internet , phone calls are really expensive .
I am not sure if I could afford it .
Will I find myself writing letters ?
Another thing to consider is not having that open window to the world .
Will I have to start buying magazines and newspapers to be informed ?
In conclusion , my life will be completely changed .
My daily routine is based on having access to the Internet : talking to my friends , reading the newspapers , the weather forecast , and so on ... I will have to change my life .
The wrong choice can lead to a big mistake that can influence our life and people around us .
Michael was a person that was afraid of making any mistakes .
A new person entered his life one day .
Michael was nervous when he was asked to do some work together with that new fellow .
What if that boy was smarter than him ?
The only way was to show and prove to everyone that he was the best .
So , he decided to ignore him completely .
He did n't answer his questions and did n't want to use all his ideas .
The work was done and Michael was proud because everything was done by him .
The newcomer could only watch it with a shy smile .
Their boss checked the work then .
He wanted to know his partner 's opinion too .
The poor boy said he was inspired by Michael 's enthusiasm .
He praised Michael 's work .
It was perfect and he would be glad just to improve some things , to change the structure , to exclude unnecessary facts , to add some bright illustrations and so on .
The boy had changed everything in the content of the work by the end of their conversation .
They both left the office quickly .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Feeble souls
Most people love donating money to different charities , but have you ever thought about why it gives us such pleasure ? I believe it 's because , as humans , when we see someone happy , it makes us happy , especially if we are the reason for that happiness .
The problem is choosing who to donate to .
Is it the poor , homeless children in your country or the starving people in Africa , or is it some cancer organization ?
I choose none of the above .
I 've never understood why most people see a closed set of charitable organizations to choose from when they want to donate money .
In other words , they choose only from the most common causes .
When I think about donating money , I see sick children and adults with rare diseases , and small groups of scientists and doctors doing their best to help them , but who do n't have enough money for research . I choose them because I know that they are the last people who get help - because how would people help them if they do n't know about them ?
First thing I do if I want to make a donation is go on the internet , and search Google for rare diseases .
Then I look for the diseases which the scientists are currently working on to find their cure .
I ' m left with a lot to choose from , so I see which illness is the hardest to endure and choose this one to donate my money to .
I have one of those unknown diseases , and I could easily donate to the doctors working on my illness , but I probably wo n't . I know that there are a lot of other people with diseases that are way harder than my own , and they need a cure much more than I do .
This makes me realize that even if I have a disease , as hard as it is , I 'm still better off than others and I 'm grateful .
I 'm grateful I can bear my sickness and live with it , because others ca n't .
To sum up , I believe more people should start donating to the less well - known charity organisations ; to the ones who need more help .
It would be sufficient to just see the smile on their faces .
We should all be thankful we are what we are , because we could be a lot worse off .
According to Berkow ( 2004 ) , airway management is one component of anaesthesia procedure to ensure the patient 's airway is open .
An example of an intervention in airway management is the ventilation mask that Mr. Sharma was using .
Also , this practice is the primary consideration for efficient post - anaesthesia care ( Scoot , 2012 ) .
The majority of patients that have had general anaesthetic , like Mr. Sharma , must recover in a PACU ( Post - anaesthesia Care Unit ) to monitor the vital signs , especially the airways management due to the anaesthesia , impeding any postoperative complication ( Scoot , 2012 ; Farrell & Dempsey , 2011 ) .
The first 24 hours post surgery is considered the most critical period , because the patient can present , primarily , lung disorders , and the nurse needs to maintain cardio - respiratory stability ( Popov & Peniche , 2009 ) .
Addressing the airway management after Mr. Sharma 's admission to PACU , the first procedure that the nurse should carry out , is follow the A - G assessment protocol , to review the stability and the airway patency of the patient , sustaining the pulmonary ventilation to prevent hypoxemia and hypercapnia ( Farrell & Dempsey , 2010 ) .
Mr. Sharma 's airway should be spare and clear of mucus or blood ( Pudner , 2010 ) .
Due to the surgery , Mr Sharma is in a supine position , but this position reduces his oxygenation ( Snowball , 2012 ) , and can also impede the air passage , This is related to the anaesthesia effect , where the tongue and the lower jaw fall backward .
Hence , he needs oxygen supply to prevent any airway obstruction .
Therefore , the oxygen therapy needs to continue immediately along with his admission , via nasal cannula or oxygen mask within 4 to 6L / min , until the anaesthesia effects are completely gone and the patient 's oxygen saturation is restored ( Farrell & Dempsey , 2010 ) .
Thus , Mr. Sharma is being given O2 via Hudson mask 6L / min , because he received general anaesthesia and all of his muscles are relaxed and , at the moment , he does not have control over his reflexes ( Farrell & Dempsey , 2010 ) .
To help with this issue , the nurse should make certain that Mr. Sharma is comfortable , and elevate the head of the bed for a more upright position in order to facilitate and increase his oxygenation , helping him to recover from his respiratory instability faster ( Snowball , 2012 ) .
The reason why walking is the best sport on the face of the Earth
First of all , let me address the title of this article .
I realise walking is not considered a sport by everyone .
I think it is a wrong way of thinking of sports .
Therefore , I am going to explain the advantages of walking .
I would like to start by saying it is free .
This could be seen as something minor , but being able to do the sport you love without paying is an incredible advantage .
Secondly , I love its freedom ; no pun intended .
You can walk whenever and wherever you like .
That is priceless .
Thirdly , walking gives you a longer life expectancy .
There are a lot of studies that prove this .
Last but not least , you do not need any kind of special equipment or people .
You can go walking alone and without shoes if you please .
Nevertheless , you learn a lot of things about any sport once you start doing it .
Therefore , I would like to share some things with you .
You can start walking as you like , despite that , you should wear comfortable clothes and shoes .
The reason is that , the longer you walk , the more you will feel what you are wearing .
The second piece of advice is that you should try to find the best places to walk around you .
Sightseeing is very important once you start walking .
I hope I have convinced all of you to go walking .
I am a true believer in walking .
Do not forget to greet me when we meet on the road .
All students are different in terms of their cognitive styles , learning levels and achievements , as well as motivation , personality , and pace of learning .
When there are students with varied levels in English , it may be challenging for teachers to prepare for or deliver the course .
Here are some of my solutions for this issue .
First of all , determining the needs of the students is always the top priority .
While conducting a needs analysis , you can have a general picture of learners ' motivation for learning English .
After that , teachers are supposed to use partnership and grouping exercises and activities in order to meet the individual 's needs .
Through teamwork , students at varied levels can cooperate and learn from each other through discussions .
It is beneficial for both the higher and lower achiever because they can assist or get help from each other .
Differentiated instructions , giving different tasks for the same activity , are proven to be necessary in a class with varied levels of student .
Teachers can assign tasks which have different levels of difficulty , or different numbers of tasks to students at different levels .
Moreover , instead of using a core textbook , or using different levels of textbooks , carrying out a theme - based approach is more appropriate , and it also saves teachers ' preparation time .
Finally , preparing supplementary materials for both the upper and lower levels of students , so that the higher achievers can stay excited and challenged , while the lower achiever can also learn at their own pace of learning .
Young people in Ukraine are more comprehensively developed than young people in USSR .
Now youngsters have open access to knowledge and information through the Internet .
Students have more opportunities to learn languages , discover foreign experiences , pass internships and study abroad .
The number of Ukrainian students who study abroad increases every year .
Our generation is more developed and diverse in spheres of modern culture , including art , music , literature etc .
The most valuable thing is that there are so many supporters of different trends in all these areas .
In Ukraine , young people are different too .
Some people prefer one style of music , some - another .
That 's why it 's difficult to define one general style for the generation .
Discussing music styles , people in my country prefer pop and rock .
We can define it by a list of the TOP music chart on music channels .
There are a lot of Ukrainian executives .
It 's necessary to emphasize that Ukrainian music has changed a lot from the time of Independence and is now developing very fast .
If we speak about TV programs , Ukrainian youngsters like popular American and Russian serials , like the Theory of big bang , Suits , Breaking bad , the Game of thrones , the Kitchen and so on . I must admit that some representatives of Ukrainian youth watch too many serials and waste a lot of their time .
I think this problem is typical for almost all countries .
In clothes , youngsters prefer to wear famous fashion brands .
Many people follow fashion designers .
It 's interesting to mention that there is a fashion for Ukrainian traditional clothes " vishyvanka " now .
I hope after reading my report you will have some minimal understanding of Ukrainian reality .
Also , I encourage you to visit Ukraine and to see its sights , to feel the culture and speak to nice people !
I live in a small town called Tui .
It 's in the northwest of Spain , in Galicia .
It 's a small town and there are not too many options for travelling by public transport .
My town has got a lot of little villages around it , and it 's very difficult to create a public transport service , because there are long distances between the different places , and there are not enough people to make it profitable .
If you want to go to Vigo or another city which is nearby , the coach service is a good and not too expensive option .
The coaches are slow , so most people prefer the car .
If your destination is further away , another good option is to travel by train .
We have got a small train station in Tui , so we can go to a lot of places by train .
The train is more expensive , but at the same time , it is more comfortable .
So I think that creating a small bus line between the villages would help a lot of people , especially the older ones .
Dear Sir / Madam
I am writing in connection with your job advertisement ( Club organiser ) which I 've seen on the noticeboard of my language school .
I have been learning English for 5 years and I hope to take the FCE ( Cambridge exam ) soon . I also write a blog about art in English .
As a member of the student club at my college , my responsibility is to organize events and collaborate with many students from different departments .
Working on projects helps me improve my organizational and planning skills .
In order to create and maintain a team spirit , I use different tools like icebreakers and energizers .
Watching movies in groups is a great way to discuss different topics , like justice , personal identity and discrimination .
At the beginning , short and animated movies would be the best , such as the movie " Validation " , which teaches us how words have the power to change our lives .
With my experience and range of skills , I am sure I can contribute to your idea and organise great movie nights .
If I can provide you with any further information on my background and qualifications , please let me know .
I look forward to receiving your reply .
Thank you for your consideration .
Hi Jo ,
I am happy that you have chosen to spend next year in my country .
I am sure that you will find Brazil a perfect fit .
First of all , I would like to share with you my thoughts on travelling in Brazil .
As a country with one of the longest coastlines in the world , I definitely would recommend you to visit the beautiful beaches we have .
I would also recommend you to visit the city of Rio de Janeiro , there you will find beautiful beaches , wonderful weather and the wonders of nature in a modern and international city .
You will be amazed by " Cristo Redentor " and " Corcovado " . I have no words to describe how beautiful they are .
Another very good option is exploring Brazil 's Northeast , which is as beautiful as Rio de Janeiro is .
About working , I think you have a great chance to find an opportunity to work in one of many multinational companies we have in Brazil .
Most of the biggest American companies have been in Brazil for a long time and , as an English native speaker , it will be easier for you to find an internship .
The nine months that you will spend travelling around Brazil will give you a better understanding of Portuguese and that will be an advantage to you when finding a new job here .
I have many tips to share with you . I 'll be glad to do it in person when you arrive .
Once again , there is no better place in the world to spend this time you have available .
I 'm looking forward to meeting you .
Thanks
Mr Jascolka
Welcome to London , tourists !
This report should help you buy genuine goods from our city .
First of all , you should avoid small market places .
They are known for selling fake products .
An example would be the Camden Town market .
If you 're looking for top quality products , we would recommend going to the Westfield shopping centre .
You will find top notch electronics and general goods .
If you prefer shopping outside , taking a trip to King Street would be the thing to do .
If you want typical souvenirs , you can go to Buckingham Palace , you will find a lot of small shops that sell souvenirs for a reasonable price .
Dear Paul ,
It was great you hear from you .
I 'm sorry I haven't written sooner , but I was still very busy .
As you know , I enjoyed helping at a concert last week .
It was a really exhausting but illuminating experience .
It was a charity concert , the income of which was intended for children who suffer from cancer .
The main task of the volunteers was to collect money .
I sold tickets before the concert , and then , during the concert , I helped take care of security .
It was a truly amazing event .
We tried to make everyone have fun .
There were a lot of visitors from other countries , so we often had to translate the conversation and help with communication .
Everything was new to me and very exciting .
But the most memorable thing was a meeting with the stars of the concert .
They are really great people who want to help others , without pay .
Apart from that , everything 's fine here in Poland .
Do n't forget that you 're always welcome to come and stay- I 'd love to see you , and we can take part in a similar event , as a volunteer , together .
Anyway , I must go now .
Write soon and tell me how you 're getting on .
Lots of Love .
Jane .
Dear friend ,
I could n't be more excited about being in the UK for six months !
I agree with you that I 'm brave , but I think I need this time to relax after all the problems that I had with my grandmother .
I 'm planning to improve my English and I have already registered on a course .
My classes will be from Monday to Friday , but just in the mornings .
So , I will have time to also learn more about British culture and history .
I 'm sure that I will enjoy visiting all the famous castles and churches .
You know how much I want to graduate in History .
Besides that , I would love to travel to other European countries .
The weekends are a perfect time for this .
Do you think you could join me ?
It would be amazing !
If you ca n't go with me , I think we could go out some nights .
Which countries do n't you know in Europe ?
Take care and I hope to hear from you soon .
Dear Ms Richards ,
I 'm writing to apply for a job in summer camps advertised on your website .
I have graduated from Teacher Training University of Saint - Petersburg ( Russia ) , where I completed a degree in education .
I have a high level of spoken English , as I have been learning it since early childhood .
I had penfriends in the United States of America and Australia .
Moreover , I attend speaking clubs , where native speakers lead the group .
I have some relevant experience , as I have worked in a kindergarten and done some babysitting simultaneously with my studies at the university .
After graduation , I spent two years working as a supplementary education teacher .
My tasks included organizing sports and other activities for children .
I was also in charge of providing safe and entertaining activities .
References are enclosed .
I am very enthusiastic about working with children and would welcome the chance to make new friends .
I believe I would be suitable for the job advertised as I am a sociable , resourceful and industrious person .
I would readily meet the challenges of the job and handle the responsibilities .
I attach a full CV and if you require more information , I would be very happy to provide it .
Yours sincerely ,
Margarita Gavrilova
Old school dance .
Dancing is something that human beings have always done , in one way or another .
Therefore , I do n't feel embarrassed to admit that I love ballet .
Even if there are a lot of variants , I prefer classical ballet .
When I was a child I wanted to learn how ballerinas could dance so gracefully .
Also , I always loved classical music .
For me it was the perfect combination .
Luckily , we got word of a dancing school .
That , by chance , happened to be near my town .
I spent four years doing one of the things I love the most ; dancing .
Sadly , things do n't always work out the way we expect .
Just as my enthusiasm for ballet thrived , my grades in school kept falling .
Consequently , I had to leave .
There are some things you should take into consideration if you want to try this sport .
Ballet requires a lot of time and effort .
It 's not only a physical sport , you really need to get your mind into it .
Furthermore , ballet is expensive . Supposing that this type of dance is n't a tradition in your country , prepare to open your wallet .
This is a short story written by D. B. Caulfield , the older brother of Holden Caulfield who is the main character in The Catcher in the Rye by J. D. Salinger .
Some of the selected aspects for this assignment were the characteristics that Holden says he likes in others of his favorite books , since this is one of them .
D. B. Caulfield is a writer and he used to write short stories , including a book of short stories titled The Secret Goldfish , in which you can find Holden 's favorite one , The Secret Goldfish .
Holden tells us that his brother is now writing for Hollywood .
He does not like that his brother is " prostituting himself " by writing scripts for movies , since he does not like movies .
The purpose of this assignment is to explore the possible short story D. B. wrote and that Holden liked so much .
This was achieved by using as a reference the information that Holden gives us about this short story and including things in it that he might like .
After giving instructions for stage three , I was busy checking the register . I did n't monitor Ss for the first four minutes .
As a result , I found two Ss opening their booklets and reading the original text to copy the sentences .
I was lucky to notice that and I made it clear to the whole class that they should n't open their booklets .
Also , Ss were writing the sentences individually in their notebook instead of choosing only one person to write for the whole team .
I actually had to stop the whole class and ask them to nominate one person to write for the whole group .
I also noticed that one team was not writing anything .
When I approached them , they said they could n't remember the exact words that were dictated .
Another team used the words to make sentences that were unrelated to the story .
Ss could hardly hear each other well because of the rectangular layout of the room .
The chairs were placed in a U shape , which made it difficult for team members to discuss their ideas and to maintain eye contact .
Additionally , one team had finished reconstructing their story while other teams needed more time to finish the task .
I forgot to prepare extra materials for fast finishers .
I was lucky to remember the word search at the end of the booklet , so I asked them to do it in pairs .
I also forgot to set the time for the activity .
Ss did n't know how much time they had to finish the task .
As a result , one team only finished half of the sentences .
Dear Paul ,
When I agreed to go and help out at the concert , it was no mistake to do so .
I enjoyed every aspect of the experience : the people , the music , the atmosphere , ... When I first arrived at that building , I could not find the entrance .
Then one of the band members and some early visitors came along and took me to the other side of the street into a pub .
From the corridor an underground pathway led to the basement of the strange building opposite .
It is still a mystery to me how so many people managed to find their way inside , but when we were in the concert hall at last , hundreds were there already and people were obviously laughing about the fact that the main entrance had magically disappeared .
The atmosphere was really nice ; the people were so light - hearted and I just felt like I could be friends with anyone immediately .
Of course , I originally went there to work : putting the chairs and tables right , ensuring that everyone in my appointed space was well fed , and keeping an eye on the cash counter .
But for the greatest part I was able to just listen to the music and sing along with the jovial guys leaning against the bar .
But I realise now that it 's quite late already and that I ought to sleep . I 'll write the rest to you as soon as I can ; I haven't told you the best part yet !
See you soon ,
Greets
5 .
Way Forward
5.1 .
Raising the academic performance of Students
The principal is dedicated to developing a favourable learning environment .
Given the learning experiences in the past two year s ' school - based support , some sound teaching strategies have been developed and these include the provision of adequate language inputs , ELPS and Thinking Tools .
All of the above have been making good progress in developing the P.1 - 4 school - based mathematics curriculum while there is still an area for development in the P.5 & 6 mathematics curriculum .
In view of these favourable conditions , higher expectations could be set to improve the learning process and enhance the learning performance of NCS .
The improvement of TSA results and internal results celebrated the success of teachers ' efforts .
More collaborative efforts should be made to make use of the sound teaching strategies with the aim of improving the learning performance of NCS .
5.2 . Sustaining capacity building through CLP
Given the experience gained in the support services , many mathematics teachers have been equipped with necessary skills in identifying the learning needs of students and developing effective strategies for teaching NCS .
The school could consider stepping up collaborative efforts in developing coherence in curriculum development .
The CLP could be further adopted as a vehicle to identify the learning needs of students and to build capacity of teachers .
More professional opportunities could be purposefully arranged to explore some effective strategies and promote discussion among teachers .
Sharing among teachers could be encouraged to understand the learning of NCS .
Technology plays a key role in our modern lives .
Nowadays , with the development of genetics , we might be able to stop world famine .
The research done in this field has provided new mechanisms that give the impression of being an alternative to yield the necessary amount of crops for humans . Unfortunately , there is no evidence of GMC 's being completely safe for human consumption .
It might be a cause of concern that all the research done has been under the control of private corporations that deny full access to experiment reports , leaving a cluster of questions without any answer .
Companies like Monsanto that engineer plants with sterile seeds , encourage non - sustainable production models that promote the extinction of independent farmers who have to choose between their lifestyle and the new farming era .
According to an article published by UNAM in 2001 , the introduction of GMC 's has had a huge impact on the global market .
The Monopolistic and monopsonic features shown in GMC companies establish that the research done in this field has nothing to do either with science or with technology and even less with global food security .
The usage of genetically modified crops has proven to be dangerous for humans as well as for the environment .
In their quest for the perfect seed , genetic engineers have strengthened crops that are destroying the seeds ' biodiversity , as stand by research led by Greenpeace , GMC crops are threatening to human health because they present more toxic traces than non - modified crops .
Consequently , we must be careful with the decisions we make .
It is worth mentioning that we never know the impact that scientific research and harvesting techniques are going to have on our lives , but the fate of those improvements depends on the application that humans give them .
In conclusion , I would rather say that companies must reinforce our humanity before manipulating the environment in such a radical manner .
ENGLISH - LANGUAGE TV PROGRAMMES IN ITALY .
Introduction
The purpose of this report is to analyse and assess the impact of English - language television programmes on Italian culture and to make suitable recommendations .
Popularity of English - language TV programmes
The presence on electronic devices of English - language TV programmes is becoming more and more prominent .
A survey was carried out in the most populated Italian cities and 2000 citizens were interviewed on 22nd October to quantify their interest in this segment of the national TV schedule with the following results :
• 40% of those interviewed , most of whom have proven to be young people , declared that they watch English - language TV programmes at least five times a week ;
• 30% of them stated that they watch them at most twice a week , but they would do so more often if they were subtitled ;
• 30% of them said they never watch them .
People enjoy listening to the original audio , which entails realism and naturalness .
Besides , avoiding the dubbing process , episodes can be seen in concert with their original airing .
Impact on local culture
Although the importation of such programmes has had positive effects , such as the introduction of new perspectives on different aspects of life , it has also had negative outcomes .
Italian companies must face the challenge set by the market demand due to the importation of many foreign traditions .
Recommendations
It is highly recommended that the government should provide adequate financial support to traditional small businesses .
I would therefore suggest that local products be protected and valorised , to be able to respond to the threat represented by low - price imported ones .
An intelligent person once said : ' The world is a book and those who do not travel read only one page . '
I totally agree with this statement and , to my mind , people should travel a lot , because our world is incredible .
But there is one more question : travel by car or public transport ?
First of all , of course , travelling by car is much more convenient than , for example , by bus .
You can drive wherever and whenever you want .
Even just in cities , let alone travelling long distances .
But , on the other hand , a traffic jam or bad weather can make our trip inconvenient .
Moreover , there are not many parking places in big cities .
Secondly , travelling by public transport is much cheaper .
Not everyone can afford to travel by car every day , so they choose public transport .
Thirdly , we should take care of our environment !
Cars pollute our air , which leads to many diseases such as asthma , allergies and even cancer .
Moreover , cars release poisonous exhaust fumes and chemicals into the air , which mix with the water in the clouds , and the polluted rain , which later falls , damages trees , lakes and buildings .
So , my advice is to travel by bicycle ( or at least , use public transport ) , because it is environmentally friendly !
Summary of the article " Business à la française " which was written by Simon Kuper .
By Arno Brodeur , student number 1234567 , class ABCD1EF .
The difference in work meetings between the British and French are that the British want to make decisions and the French like a debate way more , as is written in a guide to Franco - British business relationships .
The opinion of Simon Kuper is that the main reason for the misunderstandings are different languages .
This is in contrast to the guide " Light at the End of the Tunnel : Practical Reflections on the French and British in Business " published by the French chamber of commerce in Great Britain .
The booklet published in 1944 by the UK 's Foreign Office , " instructions for British Servicemen in France " is still useful for most , nowadays .
The late actor , Louis de Funès , is mentioned as a role model by the chamber of commerce 's guide .
When you get hired by a British employer , it will be because of your experience or achievements as a leader in sports .
In France , the level of education is the main reason for hiring someone .
The British do n't say what they are thinking , in contrast to the Dutch .
The chamber 's guide was written by business men and women who were familiar with the habits of both countries .
Something to remember is that people allow each other their own national habits , up to a certain point .
In 1995 , the French came to notice that their language was n't enough for doing business worldwide .
This is one of the reasons why most French under 50 do n't speak English very well .
International relationships are built by people who can speak the same language and who are at the same level in their vocabulary .
The native speakers seek each other out ; the British get together with the Americans , and the French , well … they are on their own .
If the French and British spoke the same language equally , trade would go up by 44 per cent .
It 's no use teaching French in schools , because the French only accept near native speakers .
It 's better to talk English and force it on them .
« I 'm 22 years old and my name is Daniel .
I live in a small town called Grycksbo and I 've been part of Unga Kris volunteering programs since the summer of 2010 .
At first , I joined Unga KRIS and started volunteering to have fun and meet new people .
Now that I have been volunteering for a while , my expectations have changed : Unga KRIS is still a place where I expect to have fun and meet new people , but I also expect to grow even more as a person , to take on responsibilities and face my fears in different social situations . »
I choose this topic because I think volunteer work is important .
Volunteer work provides an organization with free resources to help it achieve goals .
In many cases , volunteers are crucial to helping support life , as when meals are delivered to housebound people .
Sometimes volunteer work , such as renovating a playground , benefits the broader community .
And while volunteer work is important for the individuals and communities served , it also benefits the volunteer .
I have already done volunteer work and it 's something I want to do again .
It 's something that is part of our growth to adulthood .
When I was nineteen , I started and ran my own business . For me , it was one of the most exciting choices that I made .
Of course , without the full support of my family , I could n't have done it .
At first , I found it an exhilarating and rewarding challenge , although it was a modest shop .
In fact , I was responsible and I had the determination and the skills , because I learned it from my parents .
But it was n't enough . The fact of the matter was that I did n't realise that being self - employed entailed self - sacrifice , devoting my time , energies and a great deal of patience to the customers , it was so hard !
Things gradually improved day by day for a time and my revenues started growing .
So I did n't mind working against time and for long hours .
I got used to it .
I was very ambitious !
During the next ten years , I was thrilled about the fact that I was able to put aside money in order to build our flat step by step .
When I got married , things quickly went from bad to worse because I had to work two shifts , at home and the shop .
It was exhausting ! !
Introduction
The aim of this report is to examine the possibility of hosting the European football championship in my country .
This report outlines the benefits and the possible objections .
Location
As a matter of fact , Budapest , the capital city of Hungary , could be a very good competitor for hosting this sporting event .
The river Danube divides Budapest into two parts .
Margit Island is a favourite destination for runners and lovers .
The island boasts fresh air and clear parks .
Buda castle is an impressive ancient picturesque building and an attractive tourist location .
Transportation system
Regardless of the mode of transport , fares are very affordable .
The transportation system is effective .
The obsolete trams and trolleys have been replaced .
The underground system can ease congestion .
Bicycle trails criss - cross the city .
You can rent bikes .
Facilities
1 . )
Puskás Ferenc stadium has ample seats for the spectators .
It is suitable for 68976 people .
2 . ) Airport Hotel is the closest accommodation to the Liszt Ferenc airport .
This inexpensive hotel has 112 rooms .
3 . ) Le Meridien is set in the city 's fashionable business hub .
The luxurious hotel has 218 rooms .
Cultural Life
The flourishing cultural life will fascinate visitors .
The admission tickets to most of Budapest 's museums are comparatively cheap .
I recommend the Hungarian National Museum .
Objections
The main concern is related to petty crime , especially pickpocketing .
In addition , homeless people have to sleep in the street .
Suggestions
Old historical buildings are in disrepair .
The government should renovate the buildings , which would be great shelters for homeless people .
The police chief should reinforce their patrol officers to tackle crime .
In conclusion , it would be a good idea and a viable way is through sponsorship .
Moreover , this would be advantageous both for the host city and the tourists .
It happened in May 2008 .
I had just graduated from the Academy and was on my summer holidays .
I was looking for a job .
By that time I had attended six interviews , but nobody was interested in my candidacy .
I was a little bit sad , because all my friends had already found a job .
I decided to go to my parents ' and spend a few weeks helping them with the renovation of their house .
It was the third day of my visit .
I was painting the front wall of the house when a postman came .
He brought a letter for me .
I was surprised because all my friends knew that I had n't been living at my parents ' house .
I opened the envelope and found in it an offer of employment .
At first , I did not understand anything and I had decided that it was a mistake .
But then I remembered that when I was 15 I 'd sent my scientific work to the Patent service .
It turned out that they sent my work to a few institutes and one of them was interested in me .
That day was the start of my scientific career .
Our life - 50 years from now
Most people think that in 50 years ' time , we will have used up all the Earth 's natural resources .
They say that the Earth 's population will need to find and colonise two planets as our forests and fresh water supplies will vanish .
Of course , all of this is unrealistic .
It 'll be impossible for people to live on other planets in 50 years ' time .
Technology wo n't have been advanced enough by that time .
But it 's not entirely impossible .
There is a little truth and possibility in it .
In 50 years ' time , maybe not all of the natural resources will have been used up , but most of them then will have been exploited .
Mankind will have found other energy sources , similar to wind powered energy , solar energy and water powered energy .
Maybe they will be using atoms or hydrogen , since hydrogen is all around us and it 's very powerful .
I 'm completely certain that 50 years from now we will still be living on Earth , although our lifestyles will have changed a lot .
Many young students who have finished their secondary education wonder whether they should take a year off before they make the most important decision about which university course they find suitable for their future .
So , is it really worth getting away from it all and setting off on a journey around the world or getting their first job ?
On the one hand , there are many students who strongly believe that having a break for quite a long time is a waste of time .
Firstly , most teenagers who are against this idea are convinced that the university course they have chosen will be the future career in their lives .
Moreover , they feel they have to make the most of their time , to become a university graduate and get a life in what they really love .
Conversely , there are many teenagers who need to take their time and see much of what the world has to offer them .
Therefore , they choose a job that is related to a hobby or sport so that they can learn from it and earn money at the same time .
Others , by contrast , choose a country or trace an itinerary to travel to the place of their dreams and set off to live new experiences .
To my mind , gaining experience of any kind and taking a gap year before plunging into applying for a university course will broaden young people 's perspective on life and will help them become more confident about what they really love .
If they are lucky , they may end up working in another country or their hobby could become their career .
I learned somewhere that the best thing to make a path through your writing is to start typing .
I 'm not sure if this is true or not , because I 'm not here to judge or comment on the authenticity of the statement , but rather , I 'm here to make my path through writing .
What is a path through writing ?
How can someone know they have got the talent ?
How can they know they have the guts ? What I believe , and I think it 's true , is that courage , boldness and callousness make people write truly what they think , without any lies , without any camouflage and without any kind of burnished layers .
Writers often make their masterpieces shiny and glowing in order to make them more acceptable to people , less shocking to them and less close to the reality from which readers had the intention of escaping when they picked that piece of writing in the first place .
People hold different views about the causes of crime .
While some people argue that bad human nature is the reason , it is undeniable that social problems and indigence are responsible for the proliferation of wrongdoings .
To begin with , it is true that humans are often born with greed and selfishness .
For example , it is not difficult to see the media talking about a son who kills his parents for money or a girl who is murdered by her boyfriend out of rage due to jealousy .
These crimes may be committed by sensible people who are not able to control themselves at crucial times .
Thus , bad personality can be the seed of crime .
On the other hand , I would argue that poverty can be the major catalyst of criminality .
This means that a number of offenders can not sustain their livelihood , and they desperately experience limited options for earning money .
As a result , they are easily attracted by the allure of wealth , which leads to illegal activities such as theft , kidnapping or drug trafficking .
Big cities such as Hanoi or New Delhi witness a growth in juvenile delinquency , which mostly stems from rural and underdeveloped areas .
The proliferation of these crimes undoubtedly has a negative effect on the city 's life .
In addition , the prevalence of media such as television or the internet is partially to blame .
The effect of adult movies on the Internet can cause offence such as rape .
Also , films and video games containing violent scenes can stimulate audiences to imitate those acts and commit crimes .
This is particularly common among young people , who are unable to differentiate between fiction and reality .
In conclusion , although human nature is likely to be a cause of crime , I hold the position that crime occurs due to the media and poverty .
In the past , people used technology as a tool for making survival an easier endeavor .
Nowadays , we are witnessing a shift in the role technology is playing in our society and may continue to play for generations to come .
In the modern - day world technology is no longer a tool for survival but it has turned into a means of communication and entertainment .
Mass communication technology has made it easier than ever to connect with people .
At the same time , this raises the concern of whether technology has a good or bad influence on our society . Is the use of technology destroying face - to - face interaction and communication between people ?
Whenever you 're in a coffee shop , standing at a bus stop or taking the tube , you can easily see how people are connected to each other using different sorts of electronic devices .
The primary concern regarding this new communication behavior is whether it makes face - to - face interaction and communication between people nonexistent .
This is true in many respects as this may lead to living in a virtual world that only includes interacting with people through texting and social networks .
This leads , among other things , to the possibility for people to be lonely , as having too many virtual friendships causes an inability to establish meaningful relationships .
The young generation in our society are participating in a massive , unintentional social experiment the results of which are not entirely predictable .
Nowadays , society tends to prejudge others just because of their actions and without knowing the real motive of their behaviour .
But with Colton 's quotation , we can clearly see that it has happened for years .
I personally believe that imitation is just the sincerest form of admiration .
In our current society , we can see it daily .
Lots of children get their hair cut like their favourite football player 's , others dress like their favourite actors and actresses or even adults act like their role models , just because they all do have something in common : they admire those people .
Flattery is different . It is easier to recognize .
If someone depends on you and s / he is constantly paying attention to you and being , in a colloquial way , a " brown nose " , you notice and become aware of it quickly .
Just because of their attitude and aptitude , their behaviour … simply in the way they act , we can see their intentions .
Nowadays , in some specific cases , people , if they want to get a good position or be promoted , flatter .
And we can see these examples in many situations , when we find inept and incompetent workers .
When getting these jobs is not through civil service exams , I think there are only two ways : influence or flattery . And to be honest , I do n't know what I prefer .
To sum up , I would like to invite people who agree with the quotation to rethink their opinion because everything is not what it seems to be .
I ca n't think of any one reason why I want to be a surgeon .
But I can think of a thousand reasons why I should quit .
They make it hard on purpose .
There are lives in our hands .
There comes a moment when it 's more than just a game .
And you either take that step forward , or turn around and walk away . I could quit .
But here 's the thing : I love the playing field .
It 's all about lines .
The finish line at the end of residency , waiting in line for a chance at the operating table , and then , there 's the most important line .
The line separating you from the people you work with .
It does n't help to get too familiar .
To make friends .
You need boundaries between you and the rest of the world .
Other people are far too messy .
It 's all about lines .
Drawing lines in the sand , and praying like hell no one crosses them .
But there are some lines that are way too dangerous to cross .
But here 's what I know .
If you 're willing to take the chance , the view from the other side is spectacular .
There 's another way to survive this competition .
A way that no one ever seems to tell you about .
( Meredith is leaving for the day .
She sees Viper with his friends and they smile at each other ) One you have to learn for yourself .
Number five : it 's not about the race at all .
There are no winners or losers .
Victories are counted by the number of lives saved .
And once in a while , if you 're smart , the life you save could be your own .
I am really interested in martial arts , such as Aikido , Judo and self - defense , which I have already practiced .
There are some that do not need too much energy and strengths , such as Thai chi , and others that need more , like Karate , Judo , and so .
These kinds of sports have some advantages and disadvantages .
The first advantage of martial arts is to improve self - confidence .
When you practise martial arts , you learn how to protect yourself against any sudden attack .
You will get ready to fight with others , regardless of their strength , age and so on .
When you use a technique successfully on your opponent , you feel more confidence .
The second advantage of doing martial arts is that you learn how to respect others .
Every time you use a technique you have to show your respect to your opponent , and also other ranks , regardless of their age .
The third one is movement and coordination between different parts of the body ; eyes , hands and legs .
When you use a technique or defend against a technique , you control your body 's movement and coordinate them to work at the same time .
Some people think there are some disadvantages , like injury , and getting aggressive .
According to studies , martial arts have fewer injuries than other sports like soccer .
People who practise martial arts are less aggressive because they practice controlling their inner energy , and also respecting others .
I suggest that everyone should try martial arts .
But before starting , you should evaluate your needs and your health .
And when you are starting , follow the discipline and find the ideas and thoughts that are hidden behind the movements and techniques .
In the other words , try to understand the philosophy of the sports before learning the techniques .
Last night I had the opportunity to attend a marvelous play based on the book " Alice in Wonderland " which was enthusiastically received by both adults and children .
The original work was written by the mathematician , logician and British writer Lewis Carroll .
The wonderland that is described in the book is created through logic games , and , therefore , the success it has achieved in the most varied environments is understandable .
The exceptional play that we saw yesterday features all the iconic characters adapted to some extent to the present time , such as , the White Rabbit , Mad Hatter , the blue caterpillar or the Queen of Hearts .
One of the biggest differences compared with the book is the atmosphere created on stage and the characterization of the characters .
The only negative comment I could make is that you do not have the possibility to use your imagination in the same way as when you read the book .
However , I strongly recommend going to see this play because it has a great appeal for both adults and children .
Like what was once , I have no doubt that this world of wonders will remain important in the coming years .
Rationale :
" Encourage learner autonomy - the teacher wo n't always be there to provide answers " . Alternatives to whole class feedback onestopenglish .
This lesson was the third trail of giving students written instructions and having them explain to their classmates what activities need to be done .
This time , in order to further reduce my TTT , I handed over the correction of activities to the students as well .
I hoped that by handing over complete control to the class , this would give them more chance to practice real world discussion and negotiation techniques .
The amount of talking done by the students was more than pleasing .
They enjoyed being the " boss " and telling other students what to do .
I had an exact copy of what the students had on their clue cards on a separate piece of paper this time , rather than in the lesson plan itself .
This made everything seem less cluttered and more manageable .
I highlighted anything that required action from me on my copy of the clues , e.g. handing a student the answers to an exercise .
Giving the students the answers to the exercises was a partially efficient way to encourage the students to speak more .
I found that the class challenged the student who had the answers , if they had written down something different .
I found that they challenged each other more than they ever do me .
This method made the class lively and gave the students a chance to really defend their points of view .
They used a lot of language that they would be able to use in everyday discussions ( arguments ) outside of the classroom .
This is the first time I have tried this method and I neglected to leave the students extra time to be able to benefit fully from the exercise .
They enjoyed the exercise so much that my timing was completely off .
I decided to cut an exercise in order to let the students continue their discussions .
In hindsight , giving this much control to the class and introducing a new and tricky grammar point ( past modals ) was not the best choice .
Insights for future lessons :
The next time I do this lesson , I will use a more skills - based lesson with perhaps a listening or a short reading .
If grammar was part of the lesson , it would need to be a point that is being revised .
Despite having timing issues , I feel that , thus far , this was the class with the most natural student participation and the lowest amount of TTT .
I thoroughly enjoyed the lesson and , according to student feedback , so did they .
Last year , I visited one of the most historic and famous cities in the world , Rome , a city where you can find a country inside it .
It 's a city where you can recreate a part of European history , thanks to the ancient and magnificent buildings , and where you can enjoy the latest technology and have fun .
I do love the city , and I hope you also like it .
I suggest visiting the Vatican , as I said at the beginning ; the country inside the city .
It 's a huge , historic and imposing building .
Inside it , we can find the well known Sistine chapel . I ca n't tell you what it 's like , because last year when I went , there was a changeover of pope , and it was closed and I could n't enter .
On the other hand , there are more places to visit , like the Coliseum or something else .
Whatever happens , I 'm sure you 'll enjoy the city .
With regard to the weather , I went in March , and it was a little cool for my taste and it rained , so if I were you , I would go a few months later .
Furthermore , if you go in summer , you should go to a lively area and be with the interesting and nice people , but like every city , be careful in the rough areas .
Despite people 's opinions , if you have the opportunity to go , do n't throw it away , and check it out for yourself .
FRIENDSHIP TODAY
Like the majority of you , I have friends who are still around me since many years ago , although we do n't see each other regularly , others have simply slowly become less important and some , luckily , have recently entered my life .
At some point , all of us have benefited enormously from a real friendship .
Without any doubt , a good friend is a treasure .
Counting on someone capable of understanding your needs , who shares with you their innermost feelings and who is able to discuss possible misunderstandings , is totally rewarding .
As the saying goes , " A friend in need is a friend indeed " .
Nevertheless , a friendship depends largely on sincerity and empathy .
If you respect your friends , then they will respect you .
In other words , no matter how far away you live , a good friend will always support you .
Curiously , you never know where you will find a friend and every stage of your life brings you the opportunity to take advantage of new people who maybe go to the same sports lessons as you or simply work in the same company .
It is surprising the amount of nice people around you sometimes , and it is a question of spending some time to realize that you now have new friends .
As I said before , every moment in your life is different as your friends probably are too .
Dear Amal ,
Hi ! How are you ? Have you found your car keys ?
Or have they run away ?
I wanted to write to you earlier , but we had my sisters ' birthday party and I had an allergic reaction to something I 'd never eaten before .
At first , we did n't know what it was from , then I realized that the cake had blueberries , and I 'd never eaten one before .
After we ate the cake , I found my mom looking at me and screaming : " Oh !
What 's that ! ?
" , then I found everyone staring at me .
Some only stared , some screamed , and the others laughed at me , the people who were screaming , and who were staring .
I did n't know what was happening , and why they were acting like that .
Suddenly , I felt my whole body itching me and mom took me upstairs .
When I looked in the mirror , my face was spotted with red spots and it kind of turned purple , when I looked at my hands and my arms , they were all red from my fingers when I was scratching them , and the parts that were n't red , they were spotted like my face .
Anyways , mom gave me a medicine ( I do n't know what it is ) , and a cream for my arms and hands because they were turning blue .
But , thanks to mom , I feel much better now .
And do n't be afraid , I 'm okay , and I decided to check everything for blueberries .
Hope to hear from you soon .
yours ,
Zahraa .
What is the experience of learning another language like ?
The learning of our mother tongue is a long - term process that everyone has to be involved in .
However , anyone who is skilled in speaking a foreign language has a huge advantage in a competitive and global society .
I had the opportunity to have different language classes , such as English , French and Spanish .
On the one hand , I have been learning English for so long that my good proficiency has given me the chance to get a position in an international team .
On the other hand , I have learned French and Spanish just for a few months , because I was curious to learn the official language of the countries where friends and relatives are living .
I am only able to read simple worksheets and to make a brief presentation about myself .
As a student of these classes , especially , of English , I realized that , although the classes were important , systematic language practice was essential for reaching an advanced level and , moreover , for maintaining it .
Therefore , the hardest task of learning another language is to keep a high level of motivation to work on it and to pay for it .
Nevertheless , learning another language has many benefits , such as the ability to live in and visit countries with different languages , meeting foreign people , working in an international environment , reading books or websites in other languages , etc .
Thus , I suggest that everyone learn another language , in order to be a citizen , not of a country , but of the world .
The RUBBERNECKER novel review by Marian Greco
Bauer 's fourth novel is an originally surprising thriller which includes an astonishing view of Asperger 's syndrome from the perspective of Patrick , a trainee medical student .
At the tender age of 18 and coping with his eccentric social code and all the possible courage , Patrick moves from his mother 's house to a rented flat in Cardiff to pursue his greatest dream ; work in the Anatomy Department at Cardiff University .
The writer lets us observe the fear , anxiety and the defencelessness of Sam , a neurological patient who is just beginning to emerge from his comatose state and who has yet to deal with the reality of his new situation , sorting out pieces of memories involving relatives and not quite understanding why a woman he does n't know anything about claims to be his wife .
Patrick performs the autopsy of Sam brilliantly and finds out shocking information which leads the reader to the discovery of tragic and incidental deaths of neurological patients involving doctors , nurses and patients ' relatives .
In this task , Patrick will be helped out by Lexi , the daughter of his autopsy corpse , to throw some light on the creepy suspicion of medical mistreatment and its darkest consequences .
Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately .
It was too late and the others were n't coming , the sun was setting and looking for them was n't an option .
They had to think , and they had to do it quickly because those things , the things that came out at night , were growing stronger and stronger .
Everything started with some attacks here and there , but no one really knew what was happening , so the attacks were tagged as " animal attacks " .
But when they became more frequent and witnesses described huge , furry , dark and terrifying creatures with blood - shot eyes , panic grew in the population .
Government authorities told people to stay calm and a curfew was established , but Peter was on a camping holiday with his best friends and only heard this when they met another group of people who , fortunately , had a radio .
They told them everything .
In order to be stronger in number , they befriended those people and they helped each other .
The new group worked very well together , but there was this girl he just could n't stand at all .
And now he was alone with her , waiting for the others to come back .
" It 's the end of the world , and I have to spend it with you ? " he whispered . The night had already fallen and they did n't want any unwanted visitors .
" Oh , shut up you delicate flower " said the girl . "
Get over it !
We will have to get along if we want to survive " .
Her words of wisdom left Peter stunned .
Dear camp director :
I have worked for a long time in a school and I consider myself very good with kids and teenagers .
I 'm 23 years old and love to cook and I also love to be outdoors and play sports with the kids , I love organizing activities for children and actually playing with them . I 'm always cheerful and in a great mood . I do n't smoke or drink . I have a good level of spoken English and I 've always been hardworking and energetic .
I 'm also very good at first aid , so if someone is hurt , I 'm very helpful with that too . I can do pretty much anything that you want me to . I love all kids and I love spending time with them , I love playing outside and caring for all the children .
Overall , I just love children .
Thank you
Marian
Dear Paul , you are right , it is really a brave step but you know how terrible the situation in Italy is and I have decided to come to the UK to improve my CV as well .
My plan is simple , I want to make the best of this British experience by studying English and possibly by finding a little job .
By the way , if you can send me a list of job vacancies in your city it would be great .
At the moment I am struggling with the translation of my CV .
I am wondering if you could help me by giving me some tips to write a perfect , of at least acceptable , CV .
I do not want to bother you but it would be fantastic .
In return for your help I could teach you some Italian recipes that I know you are fond of !
I have just found cheap accommodation in a hostel which is very convenient for all the facilities .
Even though I am shy and I like my privacy , I think that during this experience it will be better to have contact with foreign people to practise my spoken English as much as possible .
Now , let 's talk about the good things .
The aim of this experience is also to have fun and a great time with you .
For example , what about going for some walks in the countryside or renting a bike ?
I know that the countryside is really lovely there .
OK , I have told you everything and I really should finish packing !
Thank you in advance and I am looking forward to hearing from you .
All the best
Silvia
I am rather lazy as a person . I ca n't say I really enjoy sports in general , but I definitely love walking .
I think it 's so effective : having a long walk in the green hills that surround my town , breathing deeply , enjoying the perfume of nature and the wonderful sights and colours of flowers and trees , it 's the best way for me to clear my mind .
When it 's sunny , I love it even more if possible : the warm hug of the sun makes me feel loved , cuddled and so grateful for that .
There 's no special advice to give to somebody who wants to start this activity : if you aim to do something good for your health and for your mind , just wear comfortable clothes , put a pair of trainers on , choose the most inspiring place and just go and enjoy every minute of it .
You may want some nice music with you , so an Ipod is a handy solution to collect all your favourite songs and set up the perfect soundtrack to your walking activity .
I would recommend 30 mins per day , to get the most out of this activity : it does n't take up too much of your spare time and you 'll get great benefits from it .
It 's very cheap as well : apart from your jumpsuit and a pair of comfortable trainers , it does n't require any extra cost for technical or sophisticated equipment .
Dear Jo ,
Thank you for your email .
I 'm really happy that you are going to come to my country .
Actually , now I 'm staying in New Zealand , but I can give you some advice about travelling and working in Korea .
I think this will be a very good experience for you because you can learn about another culture and another people 's way of thinking .
So , I suggest you try to get a working holiday visa for Korea .
If you have that visa , you can travel and also work .
As you know , if you have a normal tourism visa , you ca n't work .
In Korea , we have many kinds of work which are related to English , so you can get a job easily .
Also , if you want to work a in more specific place , such as an electricity company , public office and so on , you can apply to an internship programme .
If you get the internship , you can work as a real businessman .
How long do you want to travel ?
Normally , summer is the best season for travelling .
We have lots of beautiful beaches and mountains .
In summer , you can enjoy many activities on the beach and you can also go hiking .
In particular , I strongly recommend you go to Jeju Island .
It is the most popular place that people want to go to .
So , now I have to go back to work .
If you want to know more information about Korea , let me know , and I do n't mind checking your plan to go to Korea .
All the best ,
Yeeun
It was a winter 's night .
While most people stayed at home next to the fireplace , I was on the point of changing my life .
Not only was it going to change my life , but also another person 's life .
Suddenly , the streets of the village were witnesses of the dreadful crime .
Some days later , somebody knocked at the door .
When I opened , I was handcuffed straight away and I pretended to be surprised .
When we arrived at the police station , I met an officer called Michael .
He told me he was going to interview me . I had tried to get rid of the body .
Nevertheless , the police had found the buried body .
Michael asked me where I had been at the time of the crime and I told him that I had been at home having a rest with a friend who could bear out the alibi .
During the interview , I realised the different ways I could use to get away if I were alone .
Fortunately , Michael , who had n't thought of that option , left the interrogation room .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately .
Time was running out , he thought to himself .
Even now , as he stood in the doorway of this abandoned apartment building he knew that they may be hot on his trail .
With over two hundred thousand dollars in his bag , he was a giant walking target .
He smiled , knowing that even the best laid plans crumble and was glad that he was taught to plan to police standards .
Peter began his slow dissent into the bowels of the building in front of him .
Ragged and worn , it certainly had seen better days .
Graffiti covered the lower portions like a twisted skirt , doors missing , and windows gone .
His feet crunched on the unknown as he walked through the abandoned hallways .
Travelling further down he found his destination , a small steep staircase covered in dust and shrouded in a mist like fog .
Peter 's head jerked around as the first signs of his crime came to light .
A police officer 's car was zooming in his direction , sirens blaring .
Now running , Peter soon found himself on the top floor .
His panting turned into a magnificent grin as he looked out the window and saw a black helicopter heading in his direction .
Home free , he thought to himself .
To begin with , I think that most people use their car to go to work and also when they go on holiday or to get around the city or town because they feel free and do n't have to pay attention to a timetable .
Besides , public transport is very crowded with people at peak hours .
But , on the other hand , when they travel abroad , it 's easier to take a train or a plane because you arrive faster and you need n't find a place to park your car and , if you want to go somewhere , you can take a taxi or a bus or even the underground .
In conclusion , from my point of view , if you are in your own town or city , you use your car more often than when you are visiting another country and seeing the sights .
Anyway , I do n't think public transport has no future , but public transport is used on different occasions than before and when you go to a place you know you wo n't be able to find a place to park and you ca n't waste time looking for where to park .
This diagram illustrates the complete process of note - making .
To make bank notes , the first step is to properly design them .
While background color and artwork are thoroughly considered , security issues are one thing that we can not overlook either .
After this , metal plates need to be prepared by skilled machinists so as to proceed to bank note printing , in which stage sheets are used to print ( each containing 50 bank notes ) .
Also , special ink is printed on both sides of the sheet and the images are slightly raised .
Then comes the most important stage -- inspection .
In this step , workers are needed to manually inspect the quality of sheets and divide them into three groups : good quality , partially damaged quality and bad quality .
Sheets in the second group then get separated into good ones , which , together with good quality sheets , enter a process of packaging and distribution where separate notes are cut and finally enter the market , and bad ones , which go to disposal with bad quality sheets , where both groups get securely destroyed .
This leads us to the conclusion that the process of bank note creation is secure as well as simple .
My boyfriend .
My boyfriend is the best in the entire round world .
He is my favourite person , and he always takes care of me .
His name is Jose and I love him with all my heart .
I met him two years ago at a party , and since that day my life has changed in many different ways .
When I first saw him , I never imagined that I would love that stranger this way .
I have many memories with him , which I always keep in my heart even if they are good or bad .
One of them was the day we went to a concert by our favourite DJ . We had so much fun , we danced , kissed and sang like never before that night .
I loved it .
That day is one of the memories I appreciate the most .
Nowadays , we are still together , and we are as happy as in our beginning .
As a secret I can tell you that I want to marry him so badly , I swear to god that my life would be much better if I could live all of it with him .
Because I want him to be my daughter's / son 's dad , and to share an apartment with him , so we can buy our first Christmas tree as a couple with a real engagement , and spend every holiday , birthday , day , minute with him by my side .
I can finally just say that Jose is the most beautiful accident that has happened in my life .
He loves my family , my friends , my mistakes , my beauty , all myself from head to toe , and the most important thing , he loves me with all his heart .
I love him and I know that I always will .
Alison read the note , smiled , and immediately put on her coat .
Danny .
Thank god for his existence in this world .
" It 's time for us to shine , " His handwritten words came to life in her mind .
She could distinctly hear his low , manly voice in her head .
His deep chuckles still gave her butterflies in her stomach .
Her mind wandered to the first moment she laid eyes on beautiful Danny .
She pursed her lips .
It was not an absolutely pleasant experience .
In fact , she was still cringing at that ugly thought .
Inhale .
The room was full of sweaty bodies .
They were moving in slow - motion .
Every movement seemed to take a minute to execute .
Alison took a step forward and slammed into someone 's soaked t - shirt .
Disgusting .
Alison quickly wiped the remains of the person 's sweat with her hands .
Her lips curled in disgust .
" Excuse me ? " His voice boomed .
The person was holding her wrist , preventing her from wiping any sweat from her face .
She finally looked up .
Wide eyes , red lips , rosy cheeks , broad build and a little stubble on his chin , he looked incredible .
She could n't help staring and realised his eyes were not the shade of any typical blue .
Those blue eyes , were much darker with insecurity , doubt and mystery .
Her eyes gazed at his lips .
He must have applied some lipstick for them to be that red !
Alison swallowed her laughter inside her , knowing this was not the appropriate time to joke around .
" Excuse me ? " His voice boomed louder this time .
Exhale .
She opened her eyes .
She did not want to remember anything further on that night .
It was terrible but it was the only night she met Danny .
If that terrible night did not happen , what is happiness ?
What is hope ?
What is love ?
What is the point of living ?
She knows , she knows and she knows it is so wrong to put all happiness , dreams and hopes on someone that may leave anytime , but she could not help it .
We need free books for our schools
This is an old petition .
Every year we waste money buying new books for our students .
We also waste paper in those books .
We do not need to go down that road again .
We can avoid repeating the same mistake again and again .
First of all , let me tell you the advantages .
They are obvious , nevertheless , I feel I should repeat them .
Each book can be used by more than one person .
Therefore , it is cheaper . We can save money and trees .
The former does not need any explanation .
The latter is going to be more important as time passes .
Next , we could ask our community for help . I have some books in my library I could donate .
I have them because I have paid for them , not for any other particular reason .
I imagine I am not the only one who could donate books .
Last but not least , we could create an association that could be in charge of receiving books at the beginning .
Later , it could support other school initiatives .
In conclusion , we should provide free books for our students .
We must stop wasting our resources .
I am writing to express my very strong interest in and motivation to work in one of the largest and most professional companies in the world , such as your company .
As I am planning to move to Ireland within several months , I have considered DHL as the best choice for me in order to continue my professional and personal development in the best way .
I believe I possess the necessary skills and experience you are seeking and would make a valuable addition to your company .
As my CV indicates , I possess a significant and progressive experience in the field of transportation logistics , organisation of people as well as equipment , analysing and optimising the transportation costs in both domestic and international transport etc .
You will find me to be a reliable person who has a professional , calm and honest approach to all work - related matters .
Technically minded and with good problem - solving skills , I am able to work effectively in fast - paced and ever - changing environments .
Additionally , I would like also to point out some of my personal qualities and values that I believe are extremely important in this profession , such as very high motivation to learn and educate more in this field , great responsibility and reliability . Furthermore , I am also very dedicated to achieving any planned results and goals as well as having well developed communication skills etc .
Given my related experience and excellent abilities , I would appreciate your consideration for any available or appropriate position according to my education and skills .
My CV , which is enclosed , includes additional information on my experience and skills .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Again , thank you for your consideration .
The streets were calm and the lights were pleasant . Travelling at night was a pleasure in this town .
" So here we are " he said , looking upward . "
We 'd better do our exam as soon as we can . "
They moved in the crowd that made various phone calls and talked about their busy lives .
She looked around , making faces at everyone around her .
She made a complaint ; they were so annoying .
" You have to do your duty here too , remember ? We made progress back in the other city . "
She nodded and made another effort to look around .
Who could it be ?
It was difficult to tell .
They needed someone who looked important or rich .
Someone who knew too much maybe .
" What about him ?
" She pointed at a man who was making a deal with another man .
As usual , they were talking about illegal things .
" He will be our ticket to the main building and to the exam " he said .
They got closer to the man .
He was making preparations to make a huge deal with the other person .
The other person was n't convinced , however .
They talked for hours . One trying to convince the other . He was doing his best , but in the end , the other man declined .
When he finished talking , he looked at the young couple in front of him .
" What are you doing here , pests ? !
" He made sure his voice was heard on the streets , to reaffirm his social position .
The young couple grinned . " You haven't heard about the mind hackers , right ? "
They said in a delightful and evil tone .
He gasped and tried to scream , but it was too late to run .
They controlled his mind .
She looked on her laptop , where all the information in that man 's mind was displayed .
" Bingo . We got a code . "
She made a note and wrote it down .
She searched the man , looking for an ID . She took it and as soon as they got it , they let the man go . He fainted and will not remember anything that happened to his mind .
The couple of thieves made their way to the main building .
The building was luxurious and covered by the most wonderful structures ever .
They entered the building with the aid of the ID and made use of the code to enter the interior of the building .
They went up to the receptionist .
" Are you two the people who will do their skill test ? "
The couple nodded and showed the ID of the man from the other city .
The receptionist nodded and conducted both to the main hall .
What was inside was dangerous but fascinating .
They saw every register of the memories of people in that town .
It was disturbing , as kids were also included .
The young couple continued forward until they reached him .
One of the bosses in charge of such things .
She felt somehow nervous . " I know we are doing this to escape this inferno , but ... I have a bad feeling about this . " But it was too late .
They made a decision and one of the bosses was in front of them .
They walked in to find a man looking out of the window .
" You two are finally here . I know who you are . "
It was impossible . They deleted every bit of information about themselves .
" Did you think you two were going to make fun of me? ... "He pushed her backwards .
" Welcome to your tombstone , hackers . "
Yes .
Just as a coin has two sides , television , too , has its pros and cons .
It offers unlimited entertainment as well as food for thought .
To quote an example , the prime minister of India recently launched a new channel called DD KISAN - the first television channel dedicated to farmers in India .
This would help the farmers to know the latest techniques and trends in agriculture and will also enable them to put across their queries to the concerned specialists in their field .
Of late , debates on news channels are the talk of the town where you get to know what is happening in your country or neighborhood .
Such programs also allow us to participate by giving our feedback .
Let 's take a look at our cartoon channels .
Gone are the days when Tom mindlessly chased Jerry .
These days , we have many educational cartoons that teach kids how to draw , make crafts and even learn languages .
Hence , I conclude that television entertains as well as educates .
The home of the future will look more or less the same as the home of the present .
However , I believe that their functionality will change .
Even today , processors are in almost every device : dishwashers , vacuum cleaners , television sets , even blenders .
So , how can we improve them ?
By hooking them up to the Internet .
It may sound silly , but I think it actually will make those devices more user - friendly and functional .
Even now , we can buy TV sets with an Internet connection , so development of technology is not a problem .
But we have to ask ourselves , why would we connect every device in our house to the World Wide Web ?
The answer is :
remote control .
Imagine you could program your house to welcome you after a long day at work .
You come back and dinner is cooked , all your favourite programmes are recorded and ready to watch , your bath is full of hot water and you can just relax .
Reassuming , while the design of houses may look different , the most significant change will be in technology , which will make our life easier .
It has already done this , but we still ca n't see an end to the possibilities .
Dear Sir / Madam ,
I have read your advertisement in the local newspaper and I am writing to apply for a job at USA SUMMER CAMPS .
I am a 16-year - old teenager from Argentina and at present I am in a double shift secondary school .
Apart from that , I have been studying English for 10 years and I am sitting for Cambridge First Certificate in English next December .
Firstly , I would like to say that I have some experience of looking after children because I worked at a local summer camp last summer .
As part of that job , I had to teach children to swim and I was in charge of serving breakfast every morning .
As for my personality , I would like to mention that I am a funny person who enjoys telling jokes , making people laugh and even getting dressed up as a clown to entertain others .
Furthermore , I do not mind working long hours .
I hope my application will be taken into consideration .
If you require any further information , I am available for an online interview .
Thank you in advance ,
Yours faithfully ,
Franco Calderón
It 's no secret that there has been a decline in the use of transport such as taxis ever since cars became more affordable and your common Joe became capable of keeping one , two or more per family . However , does that really mean that the future of public transport like buses is hopeless ?
People are becoming more and more aware of the strain the carbon dioxide emissions of their cars put on the environment , and many municipalities have already outlawed the circulation of certain types of vehicles in given parts of their cities to reduce atmospheric pollution and improve the quality of its air .
Many affordable bus and metro passes and other systems have also been created in order to motivate the citizens to use them , providing a quicker , and sometimes cheaper , alternative to their own transport .
The recent focus on public transport , along with the certain technological improvements and innovations that will follow it , are going to revitalize the public transport sector and hopefully make cities more eco - friendly .
He walked as fast as someone who knows the way .
Nothing was distracting his attention .
His head was wandering around the sweet smile that made him feel nervous like a child just a few minutes ago .
It was n't only the smile , but the way she talked to him , the look in her eyes and her flirty attitude that had filled his stomach with tiny butterflies and , as he was going home , he started to realize the love running through his veins , right to the heart .
The voices in his head kept repeating : " Michael , you should have kissed her .
You do n't know if you will ever have another chance . "
On the other hand , his wife , his not - so - lovely wife , always angry and cold as ice , was waiting for him at home .
As Michael approached the house his feelings dropped down .
Was she alone ?
Why is that car parked right at his house 's door ?
Why are all the lights on ?
He took the keys from his pocket and approached carefully , holding his breath .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
If you are a fan of romantic films , you probably wo n't like this movie . " Palmeras en la nieve " is a Spanish film based on a book written by Luz Gabas which is about the life of a Spanish man who goes to Bioko to work and he falls in love with a native woman .
The problem with this movie is not the story , because the book is fantastic and when you read it , you really can feel the emotions of the characters .
So the problem for me is the way the movie is made , with several changes from the original script .
Furthermore , the main actors ' performance is not very good because they are not completely inside their roles .
Although there are a lot of things which could be improved , not everything is bad in this movie !
An example of that is the extremely amazing soundtrack with a really beautiful song by Pablo Alboran , a Spanish singer .
Other good features are the costumes and the landscapes , which give the movie a very realistic image and carry the spectators to that time .
Dear Katy
I 'm really glad to hear from you !
It 's been a long time since we last contacted each other .
So , you do n't know what to do with your promel , do you ?
Do n't worry , I 'll try to make it easy for you to decide which is the option that suits you best .
On the one hand , you 've been doing sport since you were seven years old and I understand it 's very important for you .
It 's an activity that you need to do every day , since it 's a good way to keep fit .
However , as far as I 'm concerned , it 's not necessary to work out that much to be healthy .
As a matter of fact , you just have to eat a balanced diet and do sport twice or three times a week .
That way , you will be able to do sport as well as going to music classes .
On the other hand , you love playing piano and , in my opinion , you wo n't be able to keep it up if you give up music classes , as you do n't have any instruments at home .
Besides , I do n't think your parents would buy you a piano , since it would really annoy your neighbours .
Besides , as I have already said , you can exercise three or four hours a week instead of going every day to your training session .
As I see it , you could n't live without music even if you tried .
Now it 's your time to choose .
I hope my advice makes sense to you and that it helps with your decision .
Best of luck with your dilemma and do n't forget to write and tell me the outcome !
Love
Ariana
The majority of people think of sport as a way to relax , to get thin , or to keep fit .
However , I see sport as a physical activity , where I constantly challenge myself to achieve better results .
It 's just like a competition when I practise sport .
My favourite sport is swimming . I can only practise it in my free time , as school keeps me very busy .
When I 'm able to , I go swimming twice a week for two hours each .
At least once a month , usually on Sundays , my friends and I hold a competition .
It is in these moments that I give it my all and realize that all the practice I had really paid off .
Swimming gives me a huge amount of satisfaction and so much desire to keep on challenging myself .
This is why I suggest people give swimming a try .
Dear Editor ,
I am writing to inform you that the package holidays to Madrid you are currently advertising in your newspaper are apparently not what they claimed to be .
I believe you should be fully informed about the quality of the services in the advertisements you publish , as your readers could be negatively biased against your paper due to such incidents .
Generally , the holiday as a whole was good enough , as the most important -in my opinion- aspects , like the quality of the guided tours and the accommodation , were very high .
Nevertheless , there were many inaccuracies in the advertisement and certain aspects of the holiday were chaotic .
The first day was a great shock to me as I realized I would be part of a group .
The tourist agency made group bookings , which resulted in the unusually low price of the holiday package .
Spending holidays with a group can be very convenient and , for some people , is the only way of travelling , but the advertisement did not state clearly that it concerned this particular type of holiday , which made me and some others feel deceived .
Another point of concern was transportation .
We had several problems , especially with the bus , which was often delayed and in one case it even caused us to miss a scheduled guided tour .
I believe there is plenty of room for improvement since , although the problems were not insuperable , they caused great inconvenience .
Firstly , a better transport agency should be found for the former difficulties to be prevented .
Secondly , advertisements should be clearer as it is very easy for someone to misunderstand them .
But the most important issue is the improvement of the general organization .
Much time lost could have been saved with a few phone calls . For example , waiting for half an hour in a queue could have been prevented if a call had been made to the museum before we arrived there .
I assume that the tourist agency can think of better solutions than me , but I hope that my recommendations will be taken seriously .
Best Regards ,
There are six main characters : Ross , Monica , Rachel , Chandler , Phoebe and Joey .
The setting is in New York and they meet daily in a bar called Central Perk .
Ross is Monica 's brother and he is deeply in love with Rachel .
On the other hand , Joey and Chandler live together .
Joey is an actor and he is always having auditions but without success .
And Chandler works in an office , but he does n't really like his job .
Phoebe is the funniest of the group . She sings and plays the guitar , but she is not very good at it .
Rachel and Monica have lived together since Rachel left her fiance at the altar .
Monica is her best friend !
She works in a restaurant as the head chef and she 's dating a man twenty years older than her .
The six friends might not have the same opinions , they might argue , they might get angry with each other , but they always forgive and forget !
In my opinion , young people will love this show .
To sum up , I really recommend you to see it . You 'll love it .
The last film I saw was called " No Escape " .
It is the best movie I have ever seen ! You will be tense while watching the whole movie and I know it .
The events are really intense and they just keep getting more and more intense by the minute .
It also shows you the power of the family and how they should stick together through all the difficulties they face .
It also shows how you should always think of others before thinking of yourself .
I really recommend this movie , but if you plan to watch it with your family , I do have to tell you that there is a lot of blood and killing in the film .
I can easily give it a five star rating , because all of the events that happen seem real in the movie , and they are events that could happen in real life .
Without a doubt , all parents want their children to be model citizens .
However , raising a child into a model citizen is extremely hard work .
Some people think that this job should be done by the parents and others think unfairly that this is the teacher 's responsibility .
On one hand , parents should take responsibility for their children 's education as they are a child 's first contact .
Also , parents are like models to follow for their children , and as children do what they see , they will copy their parents ' actions .
Indeed , school is the first place where a children interacts with society .
However , they will talk or build a relationship based on what they see their parents doing with other people .
Ultimately , teachers may have different values from those of the parents .
On the other hand , parents may have a lack of time to spend with their children due to demanding jobs and to provide everything that their children need , for example , pay for their children 's school .
It can also be argued that children spend most of their time at school and not at home , making it the school 's responsibility to pass on good social values .
But it should not be forgotten , that parents have the most influence as they are models to follow .
To sum up , parents should take full responsibility for their children 's education .
However , one should take into account that a school with similar values to those of the parents would be a great help in the child raising process .
Dear Sir ,
I am writing with regard to the advertisement published by you , to work in summer camps in the USA .
I would like to take part in this experience during the summer , as I will have my summer break during that period .
I have taken part in a volunteer programme , looking after children 6 - 12 during the school term , and therefore , I consider myself as having good knowledge of children 's behaviour , which might be useful for the summer camp .
During my apprenticeship , I was in charge of organising several activities , so I think I could do well at organising sports and activities .
Cooking has always been one of my favourite hobbies , and for this reason , I also would like to help in the kitchen activities .
I am a cheerful , energetic and hardworking person , and I am also a very responsible person , able to deal with small and medium groups of children , and for this reason I consider myself as suitable for the position advertised .
I am looking forward to taking part in this project , and enriching my CV through participation in this project .
Should you have further questions , do not hesitate to contact me at any time .
Looking forward to hearing from you at your earliest convenience .
Yours faithfully ,
Ana Cantú
Everything in this movie , Henri , is so simple and startling , but at the same time hard to describe .
It tells the story of a widowed shop owner and a mentally handicapped girl .
As time passes by , the relationship has so many ups and downs , but with consistent love and care , it ends with a strong bond that is n't easily broken .
In France , where the film was made , they call the handicapped , " White Butterflies " , which is definitely a better nomenclature than " People With Special Needs " and so many disrespectful names .
The only reason I want to recommend this movie to you is because I want you to forget about all the action , thrills , money - making or good fighting evil .
My sole purpose is to help you enjoy the little things in your lives , appreciate life and its simplicity with all its hidden fun and sad parts as well .
Unlock the door to a new life and kick off your journey toward a whole new group of characters .
Chase the childish dream of visiting a foreign country and getting to know new aspects of life .
Check out how ordinary people , just like you and me , live each and every day , share their grief and problems , join them in their happy moments , get involved in their lives and be passionate and compassionate .
Refresh your soul by getting involved in their special moments and get ready to make a change in your own life .
REPORT ON THE COURSE " Good design using DTP "
The aim of this report is to briefly describe the main strengths and weaknesses of the course " Good design using DTP " , to give an overall view of it .
DESCRIPTION
The course took place at the Training center in Regent Street , London , on the 14 - 15 of May , as scheduled .
All the participants , which were ten in total , were given a personal computer for the duration of the entire course , in order to put into practice what was taught .
Furthermore , the organizers had carefully planned the whole course , including meals and beverages too .
ACHIEVEMENTS
The tutor , Will Reeves , a lecturer of the University of Cambridge , succeeded in covering the whole program in an extremely effective way .
To begin with , he focused on design considerations with DPT , explaining what software to use , and then he went on to tell us about typography and fonts , layout and balance , as well as graphics and logs .
He concluded the course by making color considerations and showing proofing and printing .
The highpoint , however , was the final practical exercises , which gave us the opportunity to test our comprehension .
FAILURES
Despite the strengths mentioned above , there were also some areas that required some attention .
Not only was the venue inconvenient , but it was also dirty .
The general dissatisfaction was perceived by the lecturer too , who pointed it out to the organizers , who immediately started looking for an alternative venue .
In addition , in spite of having paid a lot , the participants were not allowed to take any materials away , and this resulted in obtaining a less effective result , as the participants did n't have any materials to use to revise .
FINAL CONSIDERATIONS
To sum up , the course was generally successful , as the positive feedback received suggests .
In conclusion , we would definitely recommend it to anybody interested in this subject , for both the quality of the course and the unquestionable preparation of the tutor .
Nowadays , many countries have ruined areas of farmland , forest and wetland with the intention of constructing housing and transport networks to cater for the needs of people .
There are many problems created by doing large - scale building projects , and it is the government 's responsibility to deal with these problems .
There are some unfavorable influences on people 's lives .
Because of the damage to farmland , forest and wetland , it is likely to lead to the pollution of water and air , which can cause a decrease in people 's quality of life .
For example , in some areas , people have to wear a mask while doing outdoor activities and they might need to purchase water from other towns .
As a result , their lifestyle can be negatively affected and thus they will feel less happy than other people living in unpolluted areas .
The damage to wildlife habitats has an affect on animals in a negative way .
They have to migrate to another place since their homes are destroyed , and during the migration most of them will die because of lack of water , high temperatures or predators .
Besides , those animals who successfully arrive in a suitable place to live are likely to suffer from disease , because they haven't been exposed to such a new environment before .
Although there are many people and animals that are suffering from these problems , I do believe that the government can take some actions to solve them .
Firstly , laws should be created to forbid some projects which cause massive problems for the environment .
Secondly , it is necessary for the government to warn people about the serious problems caused by constructing large - scale buildings .
To summarise , large - scale building projects create massive problems which are harmful to humans and animals , but the government can be helpful in solving these problems .
First of all , on the English course which I did at the HZ , I learned and improved my writing in many ways .
I would like to answer some questions from the guidelines on Moodle , to explain how this course helped me to improve my English .
So , the first two questions are :
Has my writing improved and how did this happen ?
And the other questions : which areas of my writing would I like to improve and did the free writing presentations help me with my writing process ?
Secondly , has my writing improved and in what way did this happen then ?
From my point of view , my writing has definitely improved since the beginning of this school year .
I discovered that I know many more words than I thought and I can make well - structured sentences now , which I could n't do so well at the beginning of this school year .
This has to do with the technical grammatical features I learned in class as well .
The way I see it is that I learned to use cohesion in a correct way , which makes the paragraphs that I write more clear .
Besides that , I use cohesion which I did n't use before this course .
A few examples are : from my point of view and it seems to me .
Subsequently , I would like to answer the next two questions .
Which areas of my writing would I like to improve and did the free writing presentations help me with my writing process ?
Although I believe that I already have improved my English since the beginning of the school year , I 'd like to improve my English vocabulary .
As I see it , the bigger the vocabulary , the better the writing process .
More words can be added to the article , so there can be a better explanation of the subject .
It 's my belief that the free writing presentations helped me with my writing process .
I learned a lot of new words during the presentations which I used in my free writing .
To finish , I can conclude that this English course has been very useful to me , because it has improved my English a lot
The way I see it is that the grammatical features learned on the English course , can always be used later on in life .
For example , when letters have to be sent in English .
I agree with the given statement .
This is because all people dream of a better future .
A better future means having good food to eat without worrying , good clothes to wear , a big property , a private means of transportation and many more .
Among them , a private means of transportation suggests that there is no future for public transport .
It is already in practice in the western world .
People from other parts of the world are also heading for the same dream .
Having your own car or means of transportation is the dream of every individual , including me .
A single car will not be enough for a family .
One private car per individual is needed .
It has also become a vital thing for life .
Whether to go to work or other places , travelling in a private vehicle is hassle free .
It saves a lot of our time .
We can indulge in many things if we can manage time properly .
The trend of personal car ownership is increasing rapidly .
So , I believe that there is no future for public transport .
We can not deny that there will be a time when no person will want to travel by bus or train .
It is so clear that private transport will overshadow public vehicles .
Domestic violence
Everybody knows about the big problem that our society has with domestic abuse .
But most of us just from a distance ; we really do not imagine how this can affect people who suffer from it .
Unfortunately , many people are damaged , not only physically but mentally , and the worst is that violence destroys families and also involves the children in the hell it causes .
Children quite often feel guilty of not being able to prevent these problems or help their mothers to escape from them and tend to think they are doing something wrong when they obviously are not .
They are just the most sensitive and innocent victims of mistreatment .
It is very serious and hard to solve , because victims have to be very strong and brave to recognize and face these situations and be able to report their aggressor so as to manage the matter finishes .
This is so difficult due to the fact that they usually feel stupid , miserable , hopeless and do not feel good about themselves .
Their aggressors make them become insecure and they think that they are alone .
In most cases , they even feel ashamed or afraid of these situations and prefer saying nothing to telling the truth .
All those people who are living with this abuse have to know that they are really important and deserve to be happy and free and they are not alone .
There are many people who worry about them and are willing to help and support them .
There is always someone who you can count on among your family , friends or associates , but you must ask for help .
We need to consider both sides of the argument for public transport use prior to reaching a conclusion .
Public transport is used for many reasons and can be convenient for different circumstances .
There are many reasons for using public transport , such as commuting into the central business district .
This form of transport can be used to avoid delays due to traffic conditions and parking restrictions .
It can provide an opportunity for people to complete work during the journey .
Public transport may be the only option for individuals who do not drive or have access to a car .
It is more environmentally friendly because it has the potential to reduce the numbers of vehicles on the road .
However , public transport use can be affected by a number of factors such as mechanical failures and environmental issues .
It may be expensive to use for some individuals and crowded during rush hours .
Using a car can be more flexible for some individuals .
A car can be useful for effective performance of many tasks .
It is easier to change routes when circumstances change unexpectedly .
However , a car can be expensive to maintain , park and fuel .
I think there is a role for both modes of transport after taking into account all of the above reasons .
The reasons for use are dependent on the individual and the circumstances .
My favourite film of the last few months is " Scent of a woman " .
It 's one of the best Al Pacino films and it 's very different from previous ones .
First of all , in this film you do n't see a gangster Al Pacino . It 's about a retired army colonel who suffers from loneliness and depression .
It 's worth seeing because a young boy , Charlie , helps him get through his sadness on a very luxurious trip to New York .
One problem is that some scenes are too long , like the one in which they 're having dinner with the colonel 's family .
However , the drama is perfectly achieved in each scene and they keep you glued to the screen .
So , overall , I strongly recommend it if you like redemption stories , and if you want to learn some pieces of advice for your life .
It 's certainly a good choice if you want to watch a DVD next Friday night .
The text discusses the idea of how advanced communication technologies give us the advantage of creating a 24/7 international working day and provides several reasons to support this .
The professor , however , disagrees with points made in the article and explains that this system has its own disadvantages .
The first point the professor addresses involves the text 's assertion that creating two or three teams situated in different geographical locations will help reduce the work hours for each team and , at the same time , will decrease the timeframe for getting the project done .
The professor refutes this point of view by saying that , based on his own experience , this team work could be not so beneficial .
For instance , some group could have questions , but it would not be able to ask the other group because they would be sleeping at that time .
Therefore , the working group will make its own assumptions and may cause a waste of time .
Moreover , the group in California may do work in one way and a group in India do the same work differently , so it will be challenging to bring both of them to the same way of getting things done .
Another point from the article that the professor opposes is the claim that telecommunication helps to solve many problems that physical separation would cause for businesses .
The professor points out that holding virtual meetings between teams in different timeframes will be challenging .
For example , one of the team will have to stay late in order to talk to another group , causing inconvenience .
It is not easy to prove that there is a relationship between organizational culture and performance .
For a very long time there has not been scientific evidence that proved the relationship between organizational culture and performance , until studies found a correlation between these subjects .
These four studies are put together in a model named ' Organization Culture Performance Model ' ( OCPM ) .
This model tells us that the culture is determined by actual behavior of individual or groups of employees .
The culture is caused by organizational variables .
These variables include internal and external cultural aspects .
The external aspect is : external client orientation .
The internal aspects are : design of organization , communication , HRM - orientation and leadership .
These variables influence the behavior of employees .
The model distinguishes three kinds of expected performances : individual- , group- , and organizational performances .
There is n't a direct relationship between organizational culture and actual performances , but there is a direct relationship between organizational culture and expected performances .
The researchers found that there is a big difference between what the boardroom preach and what the employees experience .
A short summary of the OCPM- model : there are organizational variables that determine the visible and invisible behavior of employees .
These variables and behavior of employees determine the expected performance and then there is the actual outcome .
Should smoking be banned ?
More and more people nowadays try to find some ways of relaxing , due to the fast pace of life and stress .
Smoking appeals to many people of different generations , because it gives fast relief for a short period of time . That is also quite reasonable .
It 's a fact that tobacco has been used as a light drug for centuries by people of different nationalities .
It 's a real issue for the government to understand that if the process of banning smokers starts , the income rate will immediately decrease .
Moreover , tobacco contains a vitamin , called PP1 that is beneficial for your health .
It also helps to overcome some stressful situations , even though it 's temporary , it 's still beneficial for your heart , rather than being constantly stressed .
Finally , smoking is a personal choice of freedom for everyone .
On the other hand , smokers sometimes do n't even realize that their children or relatives become passive smokers too .
It 's important to understand that you are responsible for your surroundings and people around you .
So if your habits can be harmful for them , you need to understand the cost of it .
For the same reason , the government needs to control the situation by using a banning strategy if people smoke in certain forbidden ares , like kindergartens , schools , hospitals , etc .
In my opinion , people need to have freedom to make decisions on their own , but as soon as it starts to be a threat to others , they should be stopped immediately .
The purpose of this report is to consider how my town takes care of the environment and to explain what kind of recommendations and improvements you can make if you live in Madrid .
Madrid is a huge city which offers a lot of recycling facilities that take care of the environment .
There is a great public transport system .
It 's very easy to recycle things and it 's possible to choose alternative energy sources .
Firstly , people can take the bus or the underground and leave his or her car at home .
Secondly , it 's quite easy to deposit plastic , paper and glass in different recycling bins .
Another option is the possibility of having solar panels on the roofs of some buildings in Madrid .
We could reuse and recycle household waste .
When we go shopping , we should take our own bags instead of using plastic bags from the shop .
Old clothes , books and toys in good condition can be passed on to charity shops .
Our aim should be to deposit as many things as possible in the plastic , paper and glass bins .
And if you have a garden , you could turn your vegetable peelings into compost .
In conclusion , Madrid offers a lot of alternatives to take care of the environment .
It could be an example for other cities of how to help and conserve our planet .
Discuss the risks and impacts of climate(weather)-related natural disasters .
Over the past few decades , human activities have changed the global climate , hence we are facing higher risks of weather - related disasters .
Furthermore , various destructive disasters have struck the whole society with many negative effects , drawing the attention of citizens to catastrophes .
A natural disaster such as drought can be generally defined as one that has a far - reaching influence because of its long duration and wide scope .
This essay will examine global warming and precipitation shortage as causes of drought , followed by two main negative impacts in terms of the economic and social problems in agriculture .
One of the obvious reasons for weather - related natural disasters is global warming .
It is obvious that global warming can be attributed to greenhouse gas emissions .
Moreover , the world 's uncontrollable population results in the demand for cars , industries and farming industries , that have contributed to greenhouse gases .
Because of human activities , the temperature of the sea 's surface and the atmosphere have been gradually increasing to a new level .
van Aalst ( 2006 ) pointed out that an increase of earth mean surface temperature of approximately 0.6 degrees has been explored over the past century , with the phenomenon which has been observed that land temperature has exceeded that of seas by a quicker speed ( p.6 ) .
In addition , most greenhouse gas emissions can affect the atmosphere for decades , which might cause marine monsoon inaccessibility to mainland resulting in low rainfall .
Another phenomenon that can be caused by global warming is the decrease of snow coverage in relation to glaciers melting ( van Aalst , 2006 , p. 7 ) .
Thus , it can be seen that global warming has accounted for a series of extreme weather phenomena .
Undoubtedly , all the factors are responsible for the soil water shortage and decreasing precipitation .
Generally , the increase in temperature has resulted in a surge in hot days , and a decrease of cold days .
This will largely cause less soil water and precipitation .
Additionally , this event is different depending on the areas .
The area as mid - continental will unquestionably become drier and have insufficient precipitation , which may make it more vulnerable to summer droughts ( van Aalst , 2006 , p.8 ) . "
It is estimated that 75 million to 250 million people in Africa will be exposed to water stress due to desertification induced by climate change " , states by IPCC ( as cited in Baker , 2012 , p. 20 ) .
In brief , there will be serious consequences as a result of less precipitation due to extreme weather .
In the economic aspect , drought has brought a tremendous problem of yield for agriculture .
As a consequence of both direct and indirect impacts of agriculture , prolonged drought can be commonly defined as the biggest factor .
The direct impact of prolonged drought is the reduction of incomes for farmers resulting from the decrease in output .
This can lead to a loss of profits upstream and downstream throughout the supply chain , which can produce directly negative impacts for producers , as reported by Bauman , Goemans , Pritchett and McFadden ( 2013 , p. 62 ) .
Moreover , it creates colossal economic damage when the drought occurs : lives are lost , people and animals are forced to move to a new place , resources become unsustainable or even extinct ( Bergholt , 2012 , p. 148 ) .
Another stricken area is the social perspective , which has threatened the majority of the population .
Firstly , drought has caused farming in some of the areas , such as Africa where there is an underdeveloped infrastructure and a lack of abilities to react after an emergency .
Moreover , farming is one of the most crucial impacts of weather - related natural disasters , and it has caused a significant number of casualties for both mankind and animals .
Secondly , farming has also contributed to migration .
When the public suffers from natural disasters and there are no solutions , they are forced to leave their homes in order to move to a new place , which could affect the next generation that might face a multicultural society .
Consequently , drought has led to the severe social impacts of natural disasters .
In conclusion , catastrophes such as drought have had immense economic and social impacts .
Not only human beings but also all organisms are confronting the threat from climate - related natural disasters .
The fact is , natural disasters have changed people 's and animals ' living environment , bringing about a multitude of influences in both direct economic revenue of farmers and indirect effects on enterprise .
Additionally , climate change related to natural disasters also causes famine , which has caused deaths and forced people as well as animals to leave their homes . More seriously , the climate is continuingly changing and still contributing to natural disasters .
Thus , we should consider this kind of threat to our future .
Perhaps I am doing a little wishful thinking .
I do not blame anyone for this , because I know , this heart of mine seems to just fall in love a little too fast and easily .
It is too early , is n't it ?
It 's too early to talk about love at this age .
Everything seems to strange when you are fifteen and you are talking about love .
Why is that so ?
Well , that question has been going around in my mind for so many months .
This past few months have made my life unfathomable , making me unable to grasp the idea of when is the right age to fall in love .
To me , to fall in love , is to accept and admire those little things that exist in that human being .
After I have accepted that , I will begin to push all their flaws aside , because their flaws will only make me fall in love with them even more .
I know it is wrong to have strong feelings for someone who is definitely older , and I know nothing will come out of it .
So why bother loving someone who will never return that love ?
To me , love is not about having two parties loving and embracing each other .
Their life will be happier when you cease to exist .
Yes , it hurts , but at the end of the day , almost everything in this world will make you bleed .
It will make you cringe , bawl like baby .
It will make you feel vulnerable , but that is life .
They will always love you based on your looks rather than your personality .
No matter how wrong I may sound , believe me , it is so true .
Love is not all happy .
Love can kill you .
It can kill your soul .
Dear Dr. Green ,
I am the chairman of the 2012 Metropolitan Medical Conference that is being held in Miami , Florida on July 5 , 2012 , and I would like to invite you to present your research on beta blockers . We would be delighted to listen to you discussing your work , and I hope you will also agree to run a short question - and - answer session after the presentation .
Additionally , Metropolitan Medical would be pleased to cover your travel and lodging expenses while you visit the conference , in addition to providing you with a per diem allowance .
Please reply with your answer as soon as you are able to , so that we can begin to arrange your travel .
I encourage you to contact me with any questions or concerns .
Kind regards ,
Dr. Michael White
My favourite sport
My favourite sport is walking .
Some people do not think of walking as a sport , they believe that a sport has to be a rough activity , one that leaves you overtired and sweating .
But in my opinion , a sport is any activity that requires a certain amount of physical activity , one that can help you to improve your health .
I enjoy walking because it allows you to do physical exercise and talk , look at the landscape or do other things at the same time .
Walking is also a sport that almost everybody can do .
If you are young , you could walk fast , if you are old or not especially fit , you could start walking at a slow pace and , with time , improve your performance .
I would like to give some advice to people who want to start walking : take your time , do not try to walk ten kilometers the first day . Try short walks first and every day increase the distance .
You will find yourself walking a little further and faster than the day before .
And if you do that , then , sooner or later , you will become a walking enthusiast .
It was a sunny day in April .
Easter was coming .
Everyone in the house was so excited about it , but not Michael .
He knew that soon he would have to face his most powerful enemy , the Easter Bunny .
He did n't know why everybody was in love with him .
This character has been his childhood nightmare .
He used to dream about him coming into his bedroom , laughing out loud , showing off his sharp teeth , threatening him with the most horrible punishments .
He remembered one of the awful dreams he used to have as a child .
He was home alone baby - sitting his two - year - old sister .
All of a sudden , he heard somebody knocking at the front door .
Then a voice roared " I 'm gon na eat you up ! " , " I 'm gon na eat your baby sister up ! " .
" Let me in ! I 'm the Easter Bunny " .
Michael was terrified .
He grabbed the phone to try to call his parents .
But the phone was dead .
He wanted to hide somewhere but he could n't think straight .
In a flash , his brain sent him a signal and he realized it was only a dream .
So he started repeating in his mind " It 's only a dream .
It 's only a dream .
You 're going to wake up soon . "
Suddenly he felt brave and unstoppable .
He decided it was time to face his enemy .
He put his hand on the handle and , without thinking too much , he opened the door .
This giant scary bunny was just in front of him .
He did n't have time to get scared because all that he was thinking was why he did n't wake up at once .
It ca n't be real .
But the bunny yelled at him to shut the door and bit his arm so badly that tears came out instantly from his eyes .
He was now puzzled and frighten too .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
It is sometimes maintained that when manufacturers and retail companies try to persuade us to buy something , colour is a very effective thing which helps them do that .
I think it is true that colour does influence our decision when we buy different things .
Firstly , I am convinced that colour is very important when people buy clothes , especially for women .
No doubt manufacturers know which colour is popular and fashionable in a particular season and , consequently , it means that things of this colour will sell well .
In addition , companies are used to conducting different surveys to find out which colour is more popular in various social classes .
For instance , I have recently read that people who belong to the middle class prefer pink and green colours for some psychological reasons .
Furthermore , colours which are used in decoration of shops or restaurants are also rather influential .
For example , psychologists are convinced that red is a colour which stimulates people 's appetite and makes them feel hungry .
That is why the predominant colour in McDonald 's is red . Likewise , in some other cafes and restaurants .
Having said this , however , I think that there are many other factors which are even more important than colour for people when they buy something .
For example , if I liked a thing , I would not think much about its colour or the colour of the shop where I found it .
Moreover , for many people , the main factor is the price of a thing and not its colour .
To sum up briefly , I would like to say that there is a special branch of psychology which investigates consumers ' tastes and factors which influence their choice .
Thus , we can conclude that colour is a powerful tool but , in the same way , manufacturers and retail companies should take into consideration other factors .
Article : My Best Friend
My friendship with Jessie started on the exciting first day of kindergarten .
We were three years old .
I went downstairs to the playground for the break .
I was walking alone around the noisy and crowded playground , looking for my very first friend , when I saw a quiet girl under a tree .
She had deep blue eyes and looked very shy .
I instantly wanted to be her friend .
We first met at the swings . She smiled and I knew we were going to be friends forever .
I asked her if she wanted a sweet and , timidly , she nodded .
When the break was over , we went hand in hand to our classroom .
Gradually , we got to know each other and soon we became best friends .
We played every day together and , in the afternoons , we went to each other 's houses .
Now , we do n't have any secrets between us and we always know when we need each other .
I love how Jessie helps me with everything I need , like with guys or family problems .
We love doing sleepovers , watching movies and going on holidays together .
After many years , we still share the same kind of sweets we shared the first day we met .
It is generally accepted that television provides us with by far the best and easiest way to stay in touch with the whole world , while relaxing on our sofa , taking some time off from our housework .
This is the innovation that such a worldwide medium brings to our society .
Anyway , I wonder whether it would be useful and able to increase our education and help us to be more critical towards life , rather than impose its power on us .
Recent research shows us why there is always an increasing number of children who are getting used to spending most of their afternoons in front of the television so as not to miss a new cartoon or a well - known film : they seem like they are unaware of the existence of documentaries , news and all the other educative programmes which today 's televisions are full of .
It has been suggested by some European governments to introduce televisions in schools to give the opportunity to discuss together current topics and problems , in order to learn something more about the world we are living in .
I am sure that , if taken up , this idea will surely be a failure .
In view of the above arguments , I would suggest everyone cuts down on television in order to have more time to read newspapers daily .
In my opinion , there is a future for public transport .
Firstly , public transport is useful for people that can not afford a car and their work is far away from where they live .
Public transport is also useful for some children that need to go to school but they do n't live close to one .
The only choice for many people is to use public transport .
Secondly , public transport is better for the environment than using cars because a bus has more space than a car and many people can go on a bus , thus decreasing the amount of pollution and helping the environment .
Lastly , if the use of public transport decreases drastically or stops , many people will be unemployed . They could not earn more money and buy cars for going from one place to another .
The Countries will have a crisis and this will probably lead to another World War .
That will be a complete disaster , because now we have nuclear weapons and we would destroy the world .
In conclusion , public transport is very important for every person in some way and without it everything would be a disaster .
Taking a year off after finishing school can be harmful depending on what you 're planning to do in that year .
Interrupting the momentum by taking a year off is maybe the worst thing you can do .
Unless you get a job in that year , to keep you busy , or do something that keeps you focused and gives you a routine , you should n't take a year off at all .
Without the routine that studying gives you , with all the deadlines , the exams , and other stuff that force you to get things done , and , as a consequence , teach you to be a responsible person , which you will need to be when you get a job , you will simply be wasting one year of your life by taking a break .
One thing that I 've learned in my life is that you should never take a break from your everyday routine unless you really need to , due to fatigue or for some other physical or psychological reason , otherwise you will be , I repeat , just wasting time , time that you could be spending in a useful way , by getting something done , or improving yourself academically , intellectually or doing whatever you think can enrich your life .
So , whether you take a year off or not , my point is that you should n't be wasting your time .
Do n't waste your time , spend it in a fruitful way .
I 've wasted so much time in my life that even I find it embarrassing .
I 've wasted the best years of my life doing nothing .
Now I 'm doing something , although I will probably never see the fruits of my labor .
I like to believe that , like the old Latin proverb says ( and I have already said this ) , there will be glory at the end to the man who endures hardships on his path .
Maybe one day I will experience the glory that awaits in high places those who walk through the narrow paths of life .
Or , most probably , I wo n't .
Regardless of what 's waiting for me at the end , I will never give up walking along those hard paths no matter how challenging and hard they may be .
This is some intimate stuff I 'm sharing with you , my teacher .
I hope you do n't think that sharing these thoughts with you makes you my new best buddy .
Your only job here is to teach me the subject you 're supposed to teach .
I do n't need your friendship you bastard !
I hope I do n't get an F by saying this , but it is the truth , and I love being honest . I know , as soon you put your creepy , wicked eyes on my composition I must expect a bad grade .
Maybe I will bribe you at the end of school term to get a good grade .
What do you think of that , you prick ?
I bet you love money , especially money obtained by illegal means , do n't you ?
Poor teacher , I can only wonder how a teacher would react to see such a thing written by a student .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
I am writing in reply to your advertisement published in the local newspaper for the vacancy of Junior Chef .
I believe I have the necessary qualifications and experience that you are looking for .
As you will see from my attached C.V. , I have been working as a Junior Chef for the last two years assisting all the chefs in the different areas of the kitchen .
Moreover , I am currently undertaking a Chef Training Course which provides me with not only practical but also theoretical knowledge .
I consider myself well equipped to take up the challenge offered by the post due to my capacity to work under pressure as well as my ability to work in teams .
Furthermore , I always try to maintain a positive attitude towards my responsibilities and sort out any problem that may occur .
My previous employers are happy to be contacted should you need a reference .
I am available for an interview at any time which might be convenient for you .
I would very pleased to hear from you soon .
Yours faithfully ,
Alejandro
I was alive ! I was alive! ... I could n't believe it !
Having gone through all those tough times ; trials and tribulations and I was alive !
I was as happy as a lark but soon it would get dark .
My leg was injured and it was as painful as a thorn in the paw , after countless hours of crawling .
I could n't bear the pain but I had to endure it to survive my ordeal .
Leaning forward slowly , I started crawling slowly like a turtle along the slender hill ; I was on all fours !
I was feeling as tired as a worn out shoe .
After a long and tiring crawl , I needed to find a shelter where I could seek refuge from the chilling wind howling over my head unabated .
I kept my body very close to the icy ground in order to reduce the impact of the bone - chiseling wind .
Suddenly I saw a small gap between two blocks of snowy hills just big enough for me to lie down in .
The place was a bit gloomy and cold but I had no choice ; I was too tired to move on .
But before I knew it , I was asleep .
I woke up to the sound of the howling wind once again , in a state of vertigo .
Looking down at the watch on my wrist , I realized it had been nearly a week since I survived the fall from the snowy cliff and now I had to go through this all alone with no improvement to my dire predicament .
I continued crawling on all fours while wondering , how much longer , Simon , till we meet again .
I never stopped praying throughout , in the hope that somehow , somewhere , someone would come along to rescue me .
As I was climbing downhill , I found myself getting blisters on my palms in a way I could have no control over .
The pain was excruciating but I just had to move on if I ever hoped to survive my ordeal !
As quickly as I could , I managed to get myself to the nearest leafless tree that I could find . I leaned my back against it to try to gain whatever support I could muster with the little energy that I had left in my body .
I was a broken man ; barely alive !
Emphatically , I reminded myself that I would n't have survived had it not been for God 's help !
I kept praying to God to give me the inner strength to carry on although I was fully aware of my own self - imposed exile from church services the last two years .
Doubts began to creep in , " Would God show his mercy ? " .
With the pain , doubts , hunger all crashing down on me , I was about to give up my fight for survival .
A second thought crossed my mind , telling me that I would miss my family and my best friends !
I had to carry on fighting to stay alive !
The very thought of winning an accolade in front of a jubilant crowd disappeared all together and all I ever wanted was to be home , be safe , and be with my family .
Dear Madam ,
My name is Alexandra Kennedy .
I 'm 29 , and I have a 9-year - old daughter .
I was born in Russia , but have lived in many different countries around the world .
I have got a family of my own , so I am familiar with looking after children and taking care of them . I enjoy fitness and can easily help organise children 's sport activities .
I do enjoy communicating with children , I like to play games and learn something new from them !
In the evenings we would arrange different activities , like plays , singing , dancing .
I am also quite experienced in the kitchen . I am really into healthy nutrition and healthy cooking .
It is important for children to get healthy meals , especially in their early teenage years .
I wo n't be afraid of any sort of jobs . I am ready for an adventure !
Well , the person that I most admire in today 's world is my mother .
Because she gave me life , without her I would not be what I am today .
She is a great woman ; hardworking , responsible , kind , friendly , intelligent and an amazing person .
She was my first teacher who taught me to repeat my first word and took my hand to take my first step .
She taught me step by step how to prepare for life .
I have fond memories from my childhood . She was always cheering me up when I was in sad or difficult times , even when she was not feeling well .
She 's like my best friend ; always advising me on what is good or bad .
She is very brave , it does n't matter how difficult the problem is , the most important thing is to carry on .
In fact , my mother is my idol , my angel .
There is no doubt that the subject of keeping animals in zoos creates a lot of debate .
Some people say zoos are traditional family entertainment and good for animals .
Others say keeping animals in zoos is cruel and inhumane .
One advantage of zoos is that they give people the chance to see and learn about animals .
This makes people more likely to want to look after animals and protect their natural habitats .
Due to the interest in protecting animals , people are eager to take part in organizations such as World Wide Fund for Nature ( WWF ) , which is an international non - governmental organization working on issues regarding the conservation , research and restoration of the environment .
Another positive aspect of zoos is that they help to protect endangered species by offering them a safe place to live .
In addition , zoos help to find mates for endangered species .
For example , many pandas would not find a mate to breed with if they were on their own in the wild .
On the other hand , there are many arguments against keeping animals in zoos .
Firstly , zoo animals often suffer from stress and boredom when they are not in their natural habitat .
Secondly , unwanted animals are sometimes sold to circuses , hunting parks or for meat .
Consequently , they are mistreated , hit and live in an inadequate place where they can not behave freely .
Another drawback is that animals sometimes escape from their enclosures , which is dangerous for humans .
This is clearly seen when driving along the road and suddenly you see a bull or a cow in the middle of the road .
This may cause not only the animal 's death by being run over , but also the passengers ' death if the driver tries to stop and loses control of the car .
To conclude , there are strong arguments for and against keeping animals in zoos .
Personally , I think it is acceptable to keep animals in zoos , as long as they have enough space and are properly looked after .
First of all , I would like to say that young people have worse health nowadays .
This is not their fault , of course .
It is our fault because we have let the companies profit from our own sins .
We are made of flesh and it can be very difficult to resist temptation .
You should take a look at the things your children have within their reach .
They have computers , smartphones , cleaning robots , fast food ...
And the list goes on .
I am not saying we should travel back in time .
We have developed technology to make our lives easier .
Nevertheless , we can not allow that technology to put our children in danger .
On the one hand , I am going to sound like my grandfather telling his war tales .
On the other hand , can someone tell me why their children can spend hours playing video games ?
Why do we allow them to eat hot dogs ?
Why do they need a smartphone ?
In summary , I know it is a hard choice . I am talking about multinational companies that try to change our way of life to suit their needs .
I am a believer that any parent would do whatever it takes to protect their children .
Therefore , I issue a call to action .
Kateryna was born in 1988 in Siberia , RF , to a family of Ukrainian Tatars .
Kateryna was sent to Ukraine at the age of 6 .
The art of writing letters along with painting colorful mandalas were taught her to by her grandmother .
A huge mirror in her bedroom made the child believe that one was able to travel through it anywhere .
Algebra and geometry were the most important subjects taught by her grandfather .
She loved watching the printer at work producing numerous results of psychology tests , which she had just passed .
She graduated from high - school at the age of 15 .
By this time , she had been spending almost all her free time at the computer .
She devoted all her free time to experiments on linking her math homework with programming of a music equalizer .
That 's how creating visuals on the screen became her favorite activity .
She graduated from Kiev International University in 2009 .
Kateryna was frustrated with the classic film genre and started looking for possibilities for realization of experimental theoretical ideas in practice .
After taking part in numerous festivals and concerts , she finally entered a joint British - Russian program for training socio - cultural managers in the cultural sphere .
The sport that I like most is dancing .
It may sound weird or even wrong to some people , because there are many that do n't even consider dancing as a sport ... but for me , and for everyone that has ever done dancing , it is not only a sport , but a very difficult one .
Dancing requires a lot of things , like coordination , flexibility , and physical fitness , just to mention a few .
But despite how hard dancing can be , it is also really fun , and that 's actually what makes me enjoy it most .
You do n't even notice how hard your body is working because you really are enjoying yourself , and I think that 's awesome because it just makes everything easier .
However , I would advise people who would like to start dancing to really take it seriously , because even though I said it was fun , it really does require commitment and discipline .
Dancing is not as easy as everybody thinks , but it is definitely worth a try .
The influence of grown - ups : great or not so great ?
Recently I listened to a discussion on how adults can be a good influence on young people .
This got me thinking . How do adults influence the behaviour of youngsters ?
And is this always a good influence , or should adults interfere less in the behaviour of younger people ?
Adults can influence the behaviour of youngsters in different ways .
First of all , they can give rules to younger people .
This can range from the rules your parents have set for you , to the laws created by the government .
These rules can influence behaviour in a positive way , because they prevent you from doing stupid things .
Secondly , adults can offer advice to youngsters .
This might be of great influence on youngsters , because adults are seen as wiser people .
They have more life experience so they probably know what they are talking about .
Lastly , adults can set an example for younger people .
Think of celebrities , for example .
They are a great influence on younger people .
When someone greatly admires a person , they will try to behave like them .
So , when admirable adults set good examples for youngsters , they can influence behaviour in a positive way .
However , it is n't all that great .
Because young people often do n't like to be belittled .
So setting rules might cause them to do the exact opposite .
Especially when they have to live under a great number of rules .
Also , advice is n't always taken positively .
This is because adults lived in a completely different time , so their advice might be outdated .
This causes young people to ignore the advice .
Lastly , when a wrong example is set , this can influence behaviour in a negative way , because they 'll try to copy this wrong example .
So all in all , there are many ways in which adults can influence the behaviour of younger people .
And whether this is taken positively , is completely up to the adults and youngsters themselves .
Myths and facts about frozen shoulder
Frozen shoulder or shoulder stiffness is an extremely limiting and debilitating disease .
The condition starts with pain when you move your shoulder joint and then progresses into total failure and limitation of the shoulder .
Although very important and critical , there are lots of myths surrounding it and many patients suffering the disease do not know the real facts about it .
Today we will put a spotlight on the famous facts and myths about " Frozen shoulder " .
1- Most patients believe they have got frozen shoulder due to a trauma or injury in the shoulder joint , but this is a myth , because frozen shoulder can occur after a trauma or even without any trauma , as in elderly people , especially those who have diabetes and those recovering from an operation .
2- If you believe that doing exercises worsens your condition , then that is another myth , because frozen shoulder occurs in people who stop or decrease using their shoulder joint for a long time .
Usually , after major operations , having a stroke or bone fracture .
They ignore using the full range of joint motion to avoid the pain sensation .
So an inflammatory response starts leading to the joint stiffness , movement becomes painful and range of movement is limited over time .
3- An important fact about frozen shoulder is that no surgery is usually needed .
The first treatment that your doctor will suggest is medication such as analgesics and paracetamol .
In addition to this , physical therapy is also an important method of treatment to maintain a full range of movement .
Cortisone injections are also helpful . These injections can improve everything ; decrease swelling , stiffness and pain .
Surgery is our last resort if the condition is severe and all the previous lines of treatment failed .
4- If you believe that you can easily prevent frozen shoulder , then of course you are right .
You can never have a frozen shoulder if you follow this advice :
- If you have had a surgery or an injury , you should keep moving your shoulder joint within a limit even if it is painful .
- Having physical therapy after a surgery or trauma is crucial .
Physical therapy returns your body to its previous healthy condition before trauma .
If not done , healing is not fully completed and the joint remains painful .
Therefore , further avoidance of movement occurs and leads to frozen shoulder .
- Physiotherapy is not only about exercises ; some physiotherapy techniques can decrease your pain and suffering .
Introduction
The aim of this report is to inform an international organisation about how our town takes care of the environment as well as about what people do with their rubbish and how the town is trying to keep the area clean and attractive .
What people do with their rubbish
Nowadays , young children are well informed about the dynamics and the complexity of the pollution cycle .
However , it is estimated that at least 70% of young kids do not take care of their personal rubbish and are the main contributors to a polluted environment .
Despite the fact that adults were not as well taught as children in school , they are the most civilized and responsible .
A study shows that adults take care of their personal garbage not just because of their education , but because of their eagerness to show their kids that they are great and responsible parents .
How the town tries to keep the area clean
According to our mayor , there are several points that our town really cares about to always keep our area as clean as possible .
Every year , we nominate a person that is responsible for supervising the dustman 's work every single day .
As far as I am concerned , there are now a few rules in our town legislation that if you do not take care of your garbage or if you throw litter on the floor , you will have to pay a fine .
This fine can reach between 100 and 150 euros .
Conclusion
To conclude this report , there are many things that still need to be done .
However , everything starts at the level of the education that every human being receives .
Unfortunately , there is still a long way to go in terms of environmental concerns , but some of these solutions suggested by the mayor help us stop the pollution .
Environmental problems are becoming more and more serious all over the world .
There are some kinds of pollution , such as garbage and discarded bottles , but some pollution is invisible , such as noise and dirty air .
Air pollution is the most serious problem among all other kinds of pollution nowadays .
It has already had a great impact on people 's lives .
" Air " is one of the necessities to maintain a human being 's life .
However , air pollution affects not only people 's health but also the whole environmental system .
China is a big industrial country , so there are a great number of factories and trucks .
Much dirty air is released every day .
Trucks have made the air unhealthy for people to breathe and poisonous gas is given off by a lot of factories .
It also makes oxygen lacking but more and more carbon dioxide , the same result as CO2 .
CO2 can destroy the ozone layer .
If we do n't start to confront this problem , we will hurt this planet we live on .
Environmental problems affect us all .
Not only should the government make laws to control the situation , but also we should do our best not to create more pollution .
For example , if you do n't smoke , you wo n't cause air pollution and you wo n't damage your health .If you use public transportation , walk more or take a bicycle as your transportation , you will not only help reduce the pollution , but also improve your health .
Also , planting more trees instead of cutting them down will purify our breathing air and reduce air pollution .
While there are many things to appreciate and celebrate about the world in which we live , many pressing environmental problems cry out for our attention .
To maintain the only earth we live on is now the major issue for us nowadays .
It 's also our responsibility to protect it and to do our best to prevent it from being polluted .
Alison read the note , smiled , and immediately put on her coat .
It was 31st October .
She went out to meet her friend from India .
They had been writing for two years on the internet .
It was dark outside , the weather was windy and the leaves were falling from the trees .
Alison ran along the nocturnal streets of France .
They were to meet on the street Boulevard Arago .
When Alison arrived , she did not see any people .
She waited for half an hour but her friend never came .
When it was already 10 pm , suddenly a car appeared in the dark .
Alison felt fear , her heart was beating and she started to run .
The car began to chase her .
She ran forward but was far from home .
Tears flowed down her cheeks , she could not run any longer .
Finally , she saw the lights of an approaching car and ran toward the car .
The car stopped quickly and her friend stepped out of the car .
They embraced and Alison thanked him for saving her .
The Usual Suspects , one of the best movies in the last two decades .
I must confess I feel like I am cheating .
They have asked me to choose a thriller and it has been so easy it feels bad .
I am going to start with the actors of this movie .
Most of them were not stars when they made it .
They became stars because of this film .
Therefore , it would be incredibly expensive to reunite all of them again for another film .
They are credible , especially Kevin Spacey , Charles Palminteri and Gabriel Byrne .
The Usual Suspects is the first movie by Bryan Singer .
I think it is the best one too .
At that moment , he seemed like the new Steven Spielberg .
Nowadays , he has turned into another director .
The photography is also good .
The soundtrack is not spectacular .
It has a couple of good tunes and they use them .
The script separates this film from the others .
The script is pure gold .
It is so tightly woven you do not realise it is telling you the story of a failure .
There is a scene , at the very end , where you can see a transformation .
You become aware of what was going on and you start to travel back into the film story .
That moment is priceless .
I think that the best way to recommend this movie to anyone one is to quote from The Usual Suspects : " the best trick the devil ever pulled was convincing the world he did n't exist . "
Dear Professor Findlay ,
I am excited about applying for the Course Materials Writer position available at your company .
It would be a great pleasure for me to be part of Think Education , an innovative higher education institution that offers high - quality learning .
I have an MSc in Food Science and a PhD in Biochemistry .
Overall , I have nine years of experience in biomedical research and several years of teaching experience .
At the University of Queensland I tutored several subjects , including Biochemistry for Nutrition students .
During my career I have gained extensive experience in academic writing .
My scientific work has been published in seven scientific articles .
Moreover , in a position as a Medical Writer , I wrote scientific documents for clients in the pharmaceutical industry .
Furthermore , I was a writer and editor for the project Food Info , a platform to inform the general public about food - science - related topics .
The advertised position is very appealing to me because I have always been fascinated by nutrition and natural therapies .
I would be very motivated to contribute to the development of excellent educational materials for the Faculty of Health and Wellness of Think Education .
The strengths that I could bring to this position are excellent written communication skills and a keen eye for detail .
I am a very dynamic , creative and proactive person and I have a strong work ethic .
I would appreciate the chance to talk with you to discuss the requirements and expectations of the position .
Thank you for your time and consideration and I am looking forward to hearing from you soon .
Sincerely ,
Laura Montalvo
There is no future for public transportation , is in my opinion a wrong assumption .
Modern times have raised concern about the environment , climate change and energy .
Public transportation can help fight greenhouse gas emissions and can help us protect the world from climate - change effects .
In recent years , there has been a great change in consumption habits .
Nowadays , people can choose the most convenient way of travelling and there is no doubt that using a private car is easy , cheap and fun .
On the other hand , using a private car is totally ignoring the environmental damage and effects .
In developing countries , there is still a low level of awareness about the side effects of using polluting private cars .
But in modern countries , the environmental effects of one 's behavior are becoming important and concerning .
In my opinion , it is just a matter of time until all the transportation options will be public and private cars will be left behind .
People 's lives will change dramatically in the next 50 years .
We can know this just by comparing life now and 50 years ago .
If we do so , we can see the massive difference in our lives from the people living 50 years back .
Although now we have very advanced technology which has made our lives completely different and more comfortable than before , in the future it will be much better than this .
We will see things happening then which today seem to be impossible .
The other difference , hopefully , will be in medicine .
We will definitely have better drugs and also fewer incurable diseases .
However , it is possible that along with new inventions and research there might be more harmful viruses also .
All these differences will make people 's lives tranquil .
There are some downsides to an advanced world too . For example , people will be more unhealthy due to the environmental conditions and also less self - reliant because of technological progress .
Should boys and girls go to the same school ?
Many parents face a dilemma when choosing the type of education they wish to give their children and one of the first decisions they must take is what type of school they would like their children to attend and whether it should be a single - sex school or a mixed - sex one .
It can not escape our minds that , at this stage and age , children are exposed to sexual images from a very early age and some people would argue that our society is hyper - sexualised , which is a reason why many parents see single - sex schools as a means to protect their offspring from having sexual thoughts before they are ready to understand the complexity of sex and sexual relationships .
While the hyper - sexualisation of our society may be a reality that many parents would want to protect their children from , it is true to say that children need to adapt and be ready for the society in which they live and for many parents , sending their children to a mixed - sex school is just a natural environment , much more similar to the " outside world " in which they will grow to adulthood .
Considering how much time children spend at school , it seems to me that choosing a single - sex school will make the child , somehow , segregated and , in many cases , reinforce some of the many stereotypes that we , as a society , have regarding gender . Therefore , if we take into consideration that these children are going to be the future leaders , educators , lawyers , politicians and so on , I would argue that the more schools reflect our society and the way that we like it to be , the better , not only for the child as a person , but for the child as a key to the future of the country and , to an extent , to the world .
Therefore , and to sum up , It is my view , that public money is better spent supporting mixed - sex schools , which reflect the society we live in , as opposed to single - sex schools , which may reinforce those stereotypes that are undermining society .
I absolutely agree with this statement . Travelling by car is not only much more convenient than public transport , it also grants one independence to go wherever and whenever one might wish .
Moreover , driving grants motorists one of the most popular feelings in Western societies : the feeling of being free .
Even if it is true that many citizens use public transport when their finances are tight , it is also true that most of those same people would use their private cars instead if given the chance .
The car industry could also be considered one of the main driving forces of the Western economy .
It is difficult to imagine what the future would hold for the European economies if the car industry collapsed .
Thousands would lose their jobs , both directly in the car factories and indirectly in many other car - related businesses , like car part stores , petrol stations , garages , and so on .
If private transport was fully replaced by public transport , the world 's economic foundations would shake and a global financial crisis of unprecedented impact could occur .
It is true that cars pollute the atmosphere , but it is also true that the emissions from public transport also contribute to pollution - some would say even more than private transport , as Diesel motors are much dirtier and more inefficient than smaller , petrol driven motors like those of private cars .
All things considered , we might conclude that public transport will eventually disappear and , in no time , everyone will be driving their own clean - energy - driven flying cars to go everywhere .
Dear Mr Jason ,
I am writing to you to apply for a position advertised recently .
Currently , I am working as a teacher of English in my city of Dnipropetrovsk .
I am keen on communicating with different groups of children ( mostly aged 9 - 17 ) .
During my career I have organized a lot of fascinating activities to keep my students enthusiastic about learning more .
Nowadays , it is important to be a role model for your pupils - so I try to keep fit and show modern movies about staying healthy .
I consider myself to be ideally suited to this job for several reasons .
First of all , I have considerable experience of working with teenagers ( for more than 5 years ) , which I find really enjoyable .
Second , I am a quite energetic , open , active and educated person .
And finally , I am the kind of person who is responsible , well - organised and optimistic .
I would like to work in your summer camp .
It is a great opportunity for me to practise my skills and socialize with children from a foreign country .
And , of course , to add an extra activity to my CV as I usually do every summer .
If you have any questions , feel free to email me .
I have attached a copy of my CV and some cover letters .
I look forward to your reply .
Yours faithfully ,
Pasha Shubina
Recently , genetic engineering has become a highly controversial issue around the world .
Many people think that genetic engineering has many drawbacks .
However , others claim that it is vital for society and future generations .
Genetic engineering is the process of manipulating the genes of an organism .
According to its supporters , there are many benefits of genetic engineering .
As is known , it is used to produce crops that are more resistant to insects and diseases .
Besides , some genetically modified crops grow more quickly .
Supporters also claim that it is vital for some countries which are struggling with famine .
The other benefit relates to human life .
With genetic engineering , human health has become better in many ways .
For instance , it may be used by scientists to cure some diseases .
Genes could be changed before a baby is born . Thus , inherited illnesses would no longer exist .
It could also be possible to clone human organs so that we could have a chance to replace our damaged body parts .
In spite of the benefits , there are also certain drawbacks to human genetic engineering .
There are many ethical concerns about human genetic engineering .
It is still unacceptable in most cultures because of their religious beliefs .
They believe that it is unnatural .
Another problem is genetically modified food products .
Although they look bigger or more attractive , genetically modified food products are unhealthy for people .
In conclusion , it seems the benefits of human genetic engineering outweigh the drawbacks .
Therefore , genetic engineering is important for humanity and the future .
Charles Dickens and the Brönte sisters were famous Victorian writers .
Not only did they share a clear interest in writing about social issues that affected contemporary life in Britain , but they also had similar ways of structuring their novels .
For example , in Dickens ' " David Copperfield " and Charlotte Brönte 's " Jane Eyre " , the story is told by their respective protagonists who remember their own past experiences .
In both novels , the writers also dealt with the mistreatment of children in workhouses ( " David Copperfield " ) and Boarding Schools ( " Jane Eyre " ) .
Although they may share these themes , their ways of writing are quite different .
In the Brönte sisters ' works , we can find some Gothic elements - especially in Emily 's only novel " Wuthering Heights"- and a detachment from the figure of the Victorian dutiful woman .
In Dickens ' novels , Realism allows the readers to know how tough London society was in that period .
Michael , my never - ending love story , was walking down the street one night with no particular thoughts in his mind .
It was a narrow street lined by two - storey buildings on the ground floor of which shops and pubs were flashing their neon signs .
People were coming in or out of the pubs , some walking straight , others on all fours , cheerful anyway .
Michael could n't bring himself to enter one , too proud to admit he needed people 's company after a long year of being a single guy because he , on the spur of the moment , decided to split up with me .
How could this have happened to him ?
What he did n't know , or just could n't accept , was he was unwilling to tolerate other people 's views and jokes . That 's why he packed my things and asked me to find another place to stay .
The reason ? I told him I had found a job in another city and I was considering moving house .
I explained to him it was the chance of my life given that good jobs for women are difficult to find , pay is n't the same as for men , and I felt I did n't receive the status men in my company enjoyed .
He just could n't take it .
I mean it was a joke I made , and I had no real intention of leaving him .
No one could have anticipated what happened next .
I must have seemed cruel to him because , despite our daily disagreements , he adored me and was serious about settling down soon .
But I guess it was too big a shock , so Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Dear Paul ,
Thank you for your e - mail .
It is very nice to hear from you .
As you know , I helped at a U2 concert last month and I 'd like to tell you something more about it .
It was , of course , a once - in - a - lifetime opportunity , one I grabbed with both hands .
When you hear you are asked to help out at a concert by your favourite band , you ca n't refuse .
I was asked to take care of the VIP room .
I was responsible for fulfilling all the needs of these famous guests .
I must say that not all of them are very easy to work with .
The things some of them wanted : unbelievable ! Luckily , I had some other students helping me find all the curious things for the famous .
Despite all the hard work I had to do , I would not have to think twice if they asked me to do it again .
It was , after all , an amazing experience .
Not to mention that now I have some good connections in the world of the rich and famous !
All the best ,
Deirdre
Due to the ever - increasing population coupled with climate change , food shortages have become a significant problem facing many countries .
Some assert that genetically modified food technology could be applied to address this problem .
This essay will argue that genetically modified food could be the way out of the problem of food deficit and this will be done by focusing on its environmental benefits and increased food yield .
Firstly , GM food can have a positive impact on the problem of food safety .
It is well known that GM food is inserted with various resistance genes , such as pest disease resistance genes .
This means that the food , being more resistant to pests and agricultural diseases , we can minimise the use of chemical pesticides and fertilizers that can poison the water supply and pollute the environment .
This reduction in the application of chemical products can create a safer agricultural environment , ensuring food safety .
Furthermore , GM food can also improve the production of crops .
Due to the various new traits resulting from the GM technology , such as drought tolerance and salinity tolerance , GM food can ensure food production in a period of drought .
This could be important for food production , especially in developing countries .
However , some may argue that it is also questionable whether GM food has a detrimental impact on human health .
Actually , thousands of tests on GM food , before bringing it onto the markets , have proven that it is harmless to both the environment and human health .
In conclusion , it is evident that GM food can increase food yields with a reduced use of chemicals .
In view of this , it is reasonable to believe that GM food might be an ideal strategy to alleviate the problem of food shortages .
However , because there are some disadvantages to the GM technology which is being developed , it is also recommended that governments should give more importance to the management of GM food .
An elderly university professor had to give his students the last lesson of his professional life , because he was going to retire .
However , only a few students , just five or six , had followed his course and , recently , only two of them had been present .
As soon as the professor entered the classroom , he was surprised to see that it was completely full .
He thought that many students had decided to follow his last lesson and he was pleased and moved by this kindness .
There was very little light in the classroom because it had been a rainy afternoon and a terrible thunderstorm had caused an electrical blackout .
When a student came in , he was also surprised to see so many people inside , but , after a while , he realized what was really happening : dozens of wet raincoats had been left on the chairs by students of another course .
The student did n't have the courage to interrupt his teacher and give him such a strong pain and disillusion him : he slunk away while the old professor was still speaking enthusiastically to nobody .
Students ' Use of Leisure Time
On 3rd March 2014 , a survey was conducted among 60 students .
The purpose of the survey was to discover the popular leisure time activities of male and female students .
The survey was carried out by means of a questionnaire given to the male and female students to complete .
It consisted of three parts .
The first part of the questionnaire dealt with leisure time activities on holidays .
The second section was concerned with time - out activities .
The third part touched on the ways of spending free time at home .
From the table of data , the most significant items are as follows .
It has been found in the first section that a large percentage of the male respondents preferred to stay at home on holidays , while 90% of the female students like to go to the seaside .
The male students would gladly go to historical places , while 57% of the girls who filled in the questionnaire were n't inclined to spend their free time in that way .
In the second section , both the girls and the boys questioned claimed that they do n't spend their free time going to the theatre or the opera .
53% of the male students never do that ; while 50% of the girls stated that they try to go theatres and operas several times a year to expand their horizons .
The majority of the male and female respondents enjoy going to nightclubs in their spare time .
For example , only 10% of the boys never do that and 24% go to nightspots at least once a week .
More than half of the male students spend their spare time doing sport two or more times a week .
Unlike the boys , the female respondents usually do n't feel like going in for sport in their leisure time .
In contrast to the male respondents , the girls questioned go to evening classes in their free time .
While 53% of the boys never do that .
Like the male respondents , the girls questioned go to the cinema regularly .
For instance , 47% of the female respondents watch films on the big screen every week .
In the third part of the questionnaire , it was found that the male respondents are similar to the girl respondents in that they both enjoy listening to music at home for more than 2 hours a day .
In contrast to the girls questioned , who almost never play computer games , the majority of the male students play games for hours in their leisure time .
The female respondents are more fond of reading books than the male ones .
40% of the girls read books for several hours a day , while 13% of the male students do n't read in their free time at all .
The males who filled in the questionnaire and the females alike spend many hours surfing the Internet .
For example , 53% of the female students are online for more than 3 hours a day .
If any conclusions can be drawn from the data , they are as follows .
The leisure activities of the male and female students have a lot in common .
There is an obvious tendency towards a decline in active ways of spending free time .
The young people of both sexes prefer to be online or playing computer games in their leisure time .
According to the findings , it is clear that , nowadays , going to nightclubs and cinemas are more popular than going to theatres and operas or visiting historical places .
There is , therefore , a clear need for young people to prefer active and educational leisure time activities to passive ones .
Dear Mrs Lusik ,
First of all , we would like to thank you for letting us know about your concerns and giving us the opportunity to explain ourselves .
Please accept our sincere apologies ; it was the least of our intentions to offend you with our release letter , which is a standard format authorized by our legal department .
We already passed your comments about the format on to our chief lawyer and hope he can approve the necessary adjustments .
Be assured that we take your concerns seriously .
We would like to thank you for making us aware of the strong sound of the letter .
Of course , you can share your opinions and experiences about your stay wherever and with whoever you wish .
There has never been any intention of hiding the truth , as you said .
In addition , we are sorry that your holiday experience was affected by the fire that occurred on Saturday October 10th , 2015 .
Our staff worked hard to relocate our guests as soon as possible in nearby hotels and at our Paraíso Complex , in order for them to continue enjoying their holidays .
It was not an easy task to find new accommodation and relocate over a thousand people .
We do know that the incident might have caused some inconveniences , but the most important thing is that none of our guests or staff were injured .
We are sorry for the time it took to relocate you . The least we could do was to offer you an upgraded room at Paraiso Mar y Beach .
You mentioned in your email that you would have travelled again with IBEROSTAR if it was not for the format of the release letter .
We hope that our explanations and apologies will make you change your mind and that you will give us another chance in the future to provide you with a much more delightful experience .
Given the circumstances , we would like to offer one of the following compensations if you decide to travel with us again in the future :
Having used public transport for so many years , as I 've lived in a big city since I was just a child , I do n't think public transport will disappear .
In my opinion , many people depend on public transport to get to their place of work , university or school .
In terms of money it is much cheaper to travel by bus than to use your own car .
If you compare the price of petrol with the price of a bus ticket , you can clearly see how much better it is to travel by bus .
I enjoy travelling by bus or train . On your journey you can read or just look through the windows .
You do n't need to get angry or mad if you do n't find a parking space , you can just get on / off the bus wherever you like .
You can also enjoy the company of those travellers sharing the same transport .
Sometimes you can even meet new people on the bus .
However , I must agree that travelling by car can give you more freedom , you can carry your shopping and pick up other people on the way .
Furthermore , you can choose what time you would like to travel and where to .
But despite all this , there will always be people without a car who need to commute every day , so there is a long future for public transport .
As long as people keep accepting this technology for communication , social media sites will also keep proceeding to the next step and affecting society .
In terms of the communication society , they will possibly change the way in which people develop relationships with each other , and consequently , they will create two types of culture : communal and agentic .
In the former , people have almost equal ability , and value interpersonal relationships .
In contrast , agentic culture stresses the differences between individuals , along with egotism and inequality ( Zarbatany , Conley , & Pepper as cited in Okazaki , & Taylor , 2013 ) .
These types of culture will exist in opposition in the future as an effect of social media sites .
ARTICLE
There is nothing worse than not being able to communicate with people when you 're in a foreign country .
It might be such a frustrating sensation that you might not want to go back again .
This article deals with the benefits and drawbacks , if there are any , of learning another language .
Speaking for myself , I think that the pros outweigh the cons .
On the one hand , you 'll feel more active and you 'll realise how your memory gets better and better .
Besides , you 'll understand the native people when you go on holiday .
And furthermore , it 'll be reassuring to get by with your basic necessities in another country .
On the other hand , studying a new language can be a bit daunting at first and you 'll have to keep on track on a daily basis if you want to improve your language skills .
This could be a drawback because not all people are up to the task .
To wrap up the article , I 'd strongly recommend that young people learn at least one new foreign language , especially if you 're a student .
This will give you an advantage in your future career .
Nowadays , famous people , like movie stars , politicians , models and other celebrities suffer from a lack of privacy .
Paparazzi and journalists are following them everywhere they go .
They are also the reason for many problems which arise in the private lives of some celebrities .
It is known , that it is the job of paparazzi to follow famous people and look for sensation in their daily behaviour , and celebrities are aware of the fact that they are recognised everywhere , but an interest in someone 's private life , when the person does n't want it is basically a synonym for trespassing .
I strongly agree with the statement , that famous people also should have their own private lives , which no one 's following and that no one knows about .
It is very hard to lead a normal life when you have to think all day long , about what you say , what you wear and , above all , what you do .
Being a celebrity means working all the time . You have not a single moment to relax and forget about your work .
On the other hand , it is obvious that people want to know everything they can about celebrities they like or admire and journalists give them the opportunity to find out some information about their lives , but they often cross the line and literally deprive these famous people of a private life .
In my opinion , everyone deserves to have a private life even if he is a public person .
I 'm sure that no one would like to see their photo in a newspaper , in which they 're eating or making a stupid face and that 's why we should respect others ' privacy .
Everything that goes on in a famous person 's life , including births , deaths , illness and divorces is fodder for the tabloids .
If the individual stumbles , whether figuratively or literally , speculation about him will end up on TV , on the Internet or on the front page of the tabloids .
On the one hand , many famous people like being discussed all over the world .
They think that , due to scandals , they will be able to get fame , live in the lap of luxury and have a lot of money .
On the other hand , not everybody wants to reveal the secrets of their private life .
For these kinds of people , it is important not to bring out family scenes and problems , as they do n't want to be discussed in public .
But in spite of this , sometimes journalists can be too insistent , trying to get at as much information as possible .
Generally , celebrities deserve to have a private life .
When you clock off at work , no one has the right to make you keep working .
As it seems to me , private information about stars should be published if they approve of it by putting their signature to it .
It would be fair for celebrities .
Dear Paul ,
Thanks for your email .
I 'm glad to hear that you 've decided to take part in the organisation of this month 's concert .
I hope you find it useful , as I did last month .
I 'm writing to tell you about the experience I gained during preparations for the last concert .
It was really awesome !
As a volunteer I helped make meals for VIP guests .
You know , I have graduated culinary school and it was a great opportunity to use my skills . I 've made a lot of new friends .
We 're still in touch .
The bad thing about it was that it took me a lot of time .
I fell behind , but it was worth it .
I know it could be a problem for you since you ca n't cook , but organisers need volunteers in many fields : scenography , sound , VIP - escort .
I 'm sure you 'll find something for you and you 'll enjoy it .
So my recommendation to you would be to do something similar if you are looking for good experiences and plenty of laughs !
Let me know how it goes .
All the best .
Arthur
We are living in a digital age .
Nowadays , almost everyone in the world has contact with computers and the great majority of them have used the Internet .
The Internet has many good points : it 's an infinite source of information and it 's a cheaper and faster way to communicate with other people .
The Internet is also a ' home ' for many social networks .
One of them , the most famous and the most used , is Facebook .
We can use Facebook to get in touch with our friends and even to meet new people .
Sounds nice and easy , right ?
However , Facebook , like many other social networking sites , has its dark side too .
On the one hand , it 's addictive . Internet addiction represents a serious problem in our age .
It may lead to inefficiency at school - or the in workplace - or even sleep disorders .
On the other hand , lots of people using fake accounts are lurking on Facebook .
This means you do n't know for sure who you 're really talking to .
Nowadays , anyone can take a photo from the web and claim it 's theirs .
Stalkers , pedophiles , human traffickers , murderers and other criminals ; these are just a small part of the threats you can come across on Facebook .
In conclusion , I think that we ca n't be safe anywhere anymore - not even online .
The best way to keep ourselves safe is to keep our Facebook profiles private .
And also , let 's not forget that going out with friends from time to time wo n't hurt anyone .
The collapse of the Soviet Union has become one of the defining events in the world 's history .
It influenced the further development of post - Soviet countries as well the as geopolitical situation in the whole world .
It has also influenced international relations not just within the post - Soviet area , but also in the entire world , as the period after the collapse of the USSR was marked by a crash of bipolar structure in international relations .
Since for fifty years the world lived under the shadow of the Cold War , fearing a fatal confrontation between the US and the Soviet Union , the dissolution of the USSR had a huge resonance not only in the US mass - media but also in American society .
The American press had widely covered the revolution in the Baltic States and the tension which had been spread across the Soviet Union after the fall of the Berlin Wall , as well as the fall of communist governments within the whole former Soviet Bloc .
The tensions in the Soviet Union came to their peak in August 1991 . While Gorbachev was on vacation in the Crimea , a group of right wing military and KGB leaders staged a coup in Moscow .
The " New York Times " made a series of publications dedicated to the coup .
They were published under the common title " Soviet crisis " .
The articles headlined " Soviet crisis " broadly described the situation in the capital of Russia .
On August 20 , the " New York Times " published an article which contained the excerpts from the news conference held by Acting President Gennadiy Yanayev and four other members of the State Committee for the State of Emergency .
The American press , summing up the era of Gorbachov , frequently highlighted his attempts to increase the openness of Soviet society .
Those attempts were considered as one of Gorbachov 's main merits . "
The buried secrets of past regimes and the foibles of the present one were exposed to public scrutiny by the press " - the New York Times wrote .
The plotters immediately encountered strong opposition from the leadership of the RSFSR leaders under the guidance of President Boris Yeltsin .
Tens of thousands hit the streets in Russia in order to defend democracy .
Decisive actions by Yeltsin were supported by most world governments and international communities .
Boris Yeltsin gained international acclaim when he occupied the Russian White House and faced down the threats of the coup 's leaders .
The coup , due to lack of organization and support from the military forces , failed three days later .
The figure of Boris Yeltsin became the most popular one at that time the in world 's press .
Leading articles in the most read newspapers in the States were dedicated to the first Russian president .
American newspapers wrote that Boris Yeltsin acquired new status through his defiant stand , also mentioning that the people had known little about him .
The article in the New York Post " THE SOVIET CRISIS ; Yeltsin 's Remarks : A ' Reactionary Coup " refers to the night of 18 - 19 August 1991 , when the legally elected President of the country was removed from power .
The author lays the stress on the democratic processes in the country which acquired a broad and irreversible character .
Also , it shows the attitude of the soviet people towards the changes in the country . "
The people of Russia are becoming masters of their destiny .
The uncontrolled powers of unconstitutional organs have been considerably limited , and this includes party organs . "
This coup had great resonance among American society ; consequently , the US mass - media were eager to know the feelings of US citizens about the situation in the Soviet Union .
The US citizen deemed the crisis a menace to the liberalisation of society ; they assumed it to be an actual barrier to the expression of the people 's will . "
In the hearts of many Americans , the cold war finally ended this week " , the New York Times wrote .
The press underlined that many Americans dusted off fears left over from the Cold War and were harshly reminded that this was still the nuclear age .
The dissolution of the Communist party also became one of most popular issues in the American mass - media .
The reduction of Gorbachov 's role and the growth of Yeltsin 's were not out of the attention in US media sources .
The Russian President , Boris Yeltsin , proposed a radical restructuring of the Soviet Union that would minimize the role of Mikhail Gorbachev and reduce the USSR to a loose confederation of nine republics . "
The Communist Party , which has had control for 74 years , is rapidly dissolving " , the Chicago Tribune wrote .
The US mass - media followed the reaction to the crisis inside the Communist party closely . One of the articles in the Washington post " Soviet Turmoil Shakes Europe 's Communists " says that Soviet President Mikhail Gorbachev 's call for dissolution of the Communist Party Central Committee has called into question the survival of its satellite parties in Western Europe .
The dissolution of the Communist party was considered as one of the features of the collapse of the Soviet Union .
In the Washington Post , the editorial remarks that the failure of the Moscow coup finally broke the influence of the Communist Party over the power structures and the world outlook of Soviet people .
As a result , the Soviet Union has been disintegrated along traditional ethnic lines .
The upshot of the matter is that the dissolution of the Soviet Union has caused the formation of new states and the following referendums on their independence .
The leaders of Russia , Ukraine and Belarus formally announced the dissolution of the Soviet Union on Dec 8 , 1991 and agreed to establish a " Commonwealth of Independent States " instead .
The official collapse of the Soviet Union occurred in December 1991 .
On the 25th of December 1991 , Gorbachov officially resigned .
The Washington Post wrote : " a spokesman for Russian President Boris Yeltsin said that the Soviet Union will cease to exist by the end of 1991 .
Soviet President Gorbachev agreed to the dissolution of all Soviet agencies " .
The Soviet époque , which had existed for 74 years , came to its end and this paved the way for the establishment of new independent republics .
REPORT
" What are young people interested in ? "
INTRODUCTION
As requested , I interviewed a large number of young people , trying to understand their main interests , especially as regards music , TV programmes and clothes .
MUSIC
Many people aged between fourteen and eighteen said that the most listened to music among teenagers is definitely rock music .
However , some of them admitted their interest also for pop music and RNB .
Only a few youngsters listen to classical music and love opera .
TV PROGRAMMES
The people I interviewed are very keen on reality shows like " Big Brother " and similar , but I have to say that many of them are also interested in cooking shows and documentaries .
CLOTHES
Finally , regarding clothes , young people declared themselves to prefer casual outfits like jeans , t - shirts etc .
Only a few of them like to wear fashionable clothes .
CONCLUSION
On the whole , I think that young people now have a wide variety of interests .
Some of them are pretty similar to those we had in the past ; others are completely different and very interesting to explore .
This house believes that everyone should be able to speak English .
A world where everybody is able to communicate in the same language - is that pure utopia or might it be a realistic idea ?
What would the possible advantages and disadvantages of a worldwide spoken language be ?
Establishing English as the new worldwide spoken language might be a good example since English is already spoken by more than 300 million native speakers and , therefore , the third most spoken language in the world , according to Ethnologue .
Moreover , English is already a universal language used by many people to communicate or negotiate in the business market .
Imagining everyone had the opportunity to learn and therefore communicate with each other in a worldwide spoken language is certainly an appealing idea and would , without doubt , have many benefits .
Firstly , as mentioned before , it would give everyone the opportunity to communicate with everyone .
However , the realisation of English as a world language would certainly need an educational basis for everyone , which might not be easy to accomplish , but it would be possible .
While teaching everyone English , it would also be profitable to teach basic knowledge of mathematics , physics or other relevant topics which might be helpful .
Such a standardised educational system for every single person in the world would therefore not only benefit the communication or existing businesses but also help third - world countries to start companies , trade and industrialise their countries so they can take care of themselves and get out of poverty .
Moreover , the standardised educational system would also need people who teach and instruct others , so the world language will be established everywhere .
In order to accomplish this endowment there would be a need for teachers which would lead to many new job opportunities .
After all , a couple of professions might become extinct . For example , translators , but , therefore , the organisation and execution of this big project would provide a range of other jobs which could make up for the ones lost .
The educational system would also provide a valuable basis for the world of politics , so conflicts might be prevented due to the lost language barrier with its vulnerability and risks of misunderstandings .
In addition , civil wars or catastrophes like the Arab spring might also be avoided since there will be an educational standard which could teach different types of political leadership .
However , this great improvement still has a few weaknesses .
On the one hand , there would be a great loss of cultures and in some cases the implementation of the educational system might be impossible , for instance with the aboriginal people .
Anyway , those tribes would not even need or want an education or a world language because it is their way of life to live in groups together with nature and disturbing these cultural groups would simply be unnecessary .
On the other hand , the suggestion of English as the worldwide spoken language might be up against a lot of criticism , since the United States does not have many supporters everywhere .
Nevertheless , English was just a suggestion and other languages , like Spanish or Chinese , could certainly be used as well .
Nowadays , more and more people are learning how to drive , as driving one 's own car is , as everyone knows , much more convenient than taking public transport .
The future that lies ahead for public transport seems to be a bleak one .
But is it really the case ?
Is it really possible that the end of public transport is soon to come ?
I hold the opposite view ; my answer is " no " , for sure .
Without doubt , having our own car provides us with great convenience .
However , we should not overlook the fact that not everyone can afford a car .
Some people may argue that we can buy a second - hand car if we ca n't afford a brand new one .
Yes , they are right in saying so and , in fact , many people are second - hand car owners .
But they seem to have forgotten the extra cost incurred for maintenance and repair , and , of course , buying petrol .
The cost of having a car is hence not as cheap as we think if we also take into account those unavoidable extra costs .
Under these circumstances , some people may prefer to take public transport to save money for their " dream house " rather than buy a car .
Not to mention that there are tourists in Hong Kong , who have no choice but to use public transport .
It is clearly seen that there is still a lot of room for survival for public transport .
Secondly , even if people have cars , they may also take public transport .
As we all know , Hong Kong is famous for the scarcity of land . There are not many parking spaces available , so employees may not be granted an official parking space by their company and , hence , may resort to public transport if they want to avoid the fees for using the parking lot .
Having scarce land is not the sole problem in Hong Kong .
Hong Kong is also famous for its heavy traffic , which implies the problem of traffic congestion .
By taking MTR , one can save all the hassles of wasting precious time being stuck in a traffic jam .
Besides saving time , taking public transport can also help reduce the emission of greenhouse gases .
Greenhouse gases have already posed a grave threat to humans , e.g. global warming and ozone depletion , which raised people 's environmental awareness .
People are becoming more and more aware of the importance of environmental protection and want to contribute to saving our Earth .
In this regard , they may take public transport instead of driving their own car even if they have one .
Hence , contrary to many people 's perceptions , there should be an increasing demand , i.e. a rosy future , for public transport .
For the reasons mentioned above , it is obvious that the doomsday of public transport is definitely not something down the line .
But how about the more distant future ?
Maybe .
Like our ancestors would never have imagined that we could now fly in the sky by plane .
Technological advancement is , after all , always something that drops a bombshell on us , so suddenly that we can never predict how far it could go .
Maybe one day we will need neither cars , nor public transport .
Simply by thinking of a specific location , we could go there in a split second .
Who knows ?
Hi Harry
It 's good to know that you 'll be in the shop next Saturday while I 'm away in Lugo .
There 's not much work you have to do on a normal day , but maybe this will be a special one , because of the match between Celta and Real Madrid that is going to be held half a kilometre away .
First , you need to know how to open the establishment .
I asked for my right - hand employee David to come earlier due to your arrival .
He 'll be in front of the place at 8.30 , just 15 minutes earlier than we open the doors .
The problem is David 's shift ends at 14:00 , so he wo n't be with you in the evening , when we usually lock up at 20:00 .
Once you close it , it would be great if you could leave the keys at David 's house , which is in the same building .
There are about 14 workers in the shop , divided into 2 groups with a different schedule for each one .
They have similar skills and productivity , but , to be honest , I prefer working with the morning one . I do n't think you 'll have any problem with either group .
If there is any problem with the cash register ( very common , actually ) , you have a phone number under it of a good technician .
The bill will be paid by us .
Write back soon and let me know if you have any concerns .
All the best
Alberte
Change frequently creates a great deal of suspicion and mistrust in us .
However , it is one of the most motivating challenges in our lives .
To start with , it is an essential feature in our lives .
We are in constant adaptation to new events or personal experiences .
For example , a close relationship or a serious illness makes us look at the world around us through different eyes , and they also let us grow into more interesting and nicer human beings .
Even so , change can be perceived as a disturbing issue due to the fact that it provokes a strong feeling of uncertainty .
Often , dealing with new situations does not help us to feel comfortable .
Furthermore , we sometimes feel scared of facing new experiences and then we can miss a perfect opportunity to improve ourselves .
In short , I consider that change is always the best way to develop our personality and to become better people in any aspect of our lives , because it represents a major challenge .
It is true that sometimes it is hard to accept certain changes , but we can always learn something useful from them .
Hi George !
What 's up ?
Are you OK ?
I hope you 're great !
So , let me see .
You said that your flight lands at 10.30 am , so it 's better if you go to the train station near the airport .
When you get out of the airport , you have to turn right and walk for ten minutes and then the station is right in front of you . It 's quite simple my friend ! I 've just looked at the timetable and your train arrives at 11.04 am .
Your journey lasts about 40 minutes and you have to get off at the station called Brighton and I will be there !
Get it ?
Oh , the ticket !
It 's about 6 euros .
It 's cheap , is n't it ?
Then , yes , the weather .
It 's going to be sunny and warm dude !
So , do n't worry and bring t - shirts and shorts !
We 're going to have a great time together !
KIT and let me know about your journey !
See you soon ,
Mich
Nowadays , there 's more to school than sitting quietly at the desk and solving mathematical equations .
Classes are being held much more interactively than in previous years , and also subjects are supposed to prepare pupils for adult life .
In the following essay , I want to discuss the most useful skills which should be taught in school from an early age on .
First of all , it is essential for young people to learn how to take care of themselves , such as knowing how to cook .
Fast food has become part of everyday life .
In order to prevent the younger generation of our society consuming it , we should give them the possibility to attend cooking classes .
Not only is it an advantage for their health if they 're able to create healthy meals , but it also strengthens relationships among classmates , as they might help and support each other while trying new dishes .
Moreover , it is a welcome distraction from the theoretical school routine .
However , there 's still a more important area to have a good knowledge of - personal finance .
Some families may be able to afford money and do n't think about its value .
Passing this attitude on to their children , they wo n't be able to save money for emergencies and deal with it reasonably , which is a necessity in order to survive .
Teachers can take up the role of the parents and give them knowledge about finances and the right way to handle them .
To conclude , there are a lot of things worth considering teaching in school .
The two most useful , in my opinion , are cooking classes and personal finance .
Both of them are skills which help with managing your life later on , finances in particular .
Jake is a freelance journalist .
He usually travels from place to place following the most burning news around the world .
As a freelancer , he has to invest in his ideas , hoping that someone will like his stories and buy them .
Flying to different continents is easy nowadays but still expensive .
Therefore , Jake tries to arrange his stays with one goal in mind : travelling in a comfortable way but saving as much as possible .
A few months ago , he had been spending two weeks in Brussels .
He was following an important European summit on environmental issues .
Brussels , Europe 's capital , made his stay very pleasant .
Jake was able to enjoy its multicultural environment and its great cultural initiatives .
He could easily move from place to place at very convenient prices .
Access to different public transport services ( such as underground , buses , tram , etc . )
let him always reach his working meeting on time .
He also had the chance to know more about the diverse atmosphere characterizing each and every Brussels suburb .
During winter , Brussels can be quite cold .
However , underground trains and buses are equipped with such powerful heating systems that you forget about the cold .
A few weeks later , Jake had to travel to the South of Italy to follow the case of immigrants reaching the coasts of Europe via sea from Africa and the Middle - East .
He was so excited about that trip .
Italy is his parents ' country of origin and it was the first time for him to visit Italy .
He was able to reach the South by a connecting flight from Rome .
It was spring , the prefect time to go and visit the South of Italy .
Nevertheless , his stay was not as pleasant as he had expected .
Jake 's main challenge was to get around and reach the places he had planned to visit both for his research and for tourist purposes .
He soon came to realise how disorganised public transport is in the South of Italy .
Its inhabitants get around exclusively in their own cars .
Towns are congested with traffic james , especially during rush hours .
He was surprised by the poor quality of the air when walking around .
The air was polluted by smog due to the huge number of cars .
Jake could only move around by using the few expensive taxis available .
Such an experience made Jake realise the considerable impact that a good public transport system has on people 's lives and their surroundings .
In particular , an efficient public transport impacts on :
Stress - it makes your life easier , since you avoid driving in the middle of traffic jams
Communications - it eases movement from place to place
Environment - it reduces cars on the roads , therefore air is less polluted
Your own and your community 's pockets ! ?
- access to public transport is way cheaper than taking care of your own car ; though initially it might look like a huge investment of money from the community , in the long term it shows itself to be the most efficient way to travel !
Seville is well known for its stunning monuments .
Although , I have been struck by its major attractions , such as Plaza De Espana , Real Alcazar and El Torre del Oro , it is the relaxed and social way of living which has most impressed me .
Therefore , it all comes down in this essay to expressing feelings about Seville and its surroundings .
First and foremost , it is difficult to feel deep emotions when it comes to living in a place without real social contact .
Therefore , I miss my close - knit family and friends .
I 'm having a very nice time in Seville though .
In fact , the more I know about its organization and its people , the more I feel at ease in Seville .
It is almost as if I were at home now .
I must well admit this has not always been so .
To be honest , I was not very attracted by the spirit of the city at the very beginning of my stay .
In my opinion , Seville was rather disorganized and not very charming and its citizens rather rude .
Consequently , what are the reasons for my change of heart ?
In my view , getting to know a city is quite similar to getting to know people .
The more I understand it , the more I like it .
Of course , it may happen at times that I dislike what I discover !
Luckily , this has not been the case when it comes to Seville .
This is partly due to the fact I have picked up a few words which enable me to interact more easily with its citizens .
For example , people start to talk with me when they notice I make efforts to speak in their language .
There are even some smiles and laughs , which is very reassuring for someone who is alone abroad .
What 's more , Seville is bright , colourful and lively , which cheers me up and relaxes me .
For instance , I spent some time last night eating tapas on a small street in a laid - back atmosphere .
I was surrounded by joyful Spaniards who were speaking loudly .
Needless to say , I greatly enjoyed this time as it made me feel as if I were part of their life and of the place .
To make matters even better , there was some music playing a few metres ahead , which contributed to livening up the spirits of everyone present there .
In addition to this , I really like sharing tapas dishes with people , drinking a good fresh " draft beer " and going for a " tapas crawl " with friends , as in Switzerland each person gets their own dish when eating out and they only go for a " pub crawl " .
I am also keen on wandering off at my own pace and getting lost in the winding narrow cobbled streets , as I feel like an adventurer looking for new treasures .
Some of these are striking secluded places , such as churches or Moorish - styled houses .
Thus , scouring Seville is like rewinding time and being propelled into the past .
On account of all this , it is easy to understand why my perception of Seville has significantly changed over time .
As far as I 'm concerned , the city is no longer a museum displaying sumptuous and ostentatious monuments .
It turns out now to be a very welcoming and relaxing place where warm - hearted people live and where I greatly enjoy spending some time .
WHAT AN AMAZING COINCIDENCE !
Have you ever witnessed the collapse of a myth and the birth of a new star at the same time ?
This year , in Italy , for the first time in more than 200 years , a weird coincidence happened : the political leader , Silvio Berlusconi , and the singer Ligabue marked their careers on the same day .
On the one hand , Berlusconi compromised his position when some journalists told the world about some wiretappings of his which would compromise his future political career ; on the other , Luciano Ligabue won the award for the best song of the year , bringing his career ever forward .
Unbelievable as it may seem , this is really a bizarre coincidence .
Dear Jo ,
It 's great to get some news from you .
What a lucky man you are to have a year free !
If I also had a year free , I would only want to travel , not work .
Switzerland is really a great place for travelling . You should plan two different periods to visit sightseeing places , one in summer and the other one in winter .
Famous sightseeing places are really different during winter and summer .
If you decide to base yourself in Geneva , I suggest you first visit the north of Switzerland from the west to the east and then the south of Switzerland from the east to the west .
Switzerland is a small country , so take your time and spend enough time in each place .
Concerning your inquiry about working in my country , it 's really difficult to get authorisation to work , especially for periods longer than a week .
Therefore , I suggest you work during your travelling time .
For instance , if you plan to stay more than one week in Zermat in Wallis , think about trying to find a place where you could help in a restaurant or a shop .
But if you prefer to work during a full three - month period , you should ask your employer for a work permit .
In any case , do n't hesitate to visit me and my family in Lausanne .
I look forward to seeing you during your trip .
Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately .
Twenty minutes had passed , but Sarah was still inside the house .
He started to bite his nails , restless .
She said that she would come out in five minutes .
What if she was in trouble ?
What if the owner of the house has caught her ?
Five more minutes went by , and he decided to go into the bungalow .
He climbed the tree clumsily and managed to enter through the open window .
It was a dark night , so he could barely see .
-There is no need for you to climb through the window , like a thief - said a soft voice .
The shock made Peter gasp .
Before him there was a tall , dark woman in black .
He had n't seen her when he had gone into the room .
His eyes were adjusted to the darkness now , so he could recognize her .
--Tris .
Tris ' smile became bigger .
-It has been a long time , Peter .
May I ask you why you are breaking into my house instead of knocking at the door ?
How rude of you !
There was no anger in her voice , but amusement and something else that Peter could not distinguish .
-Where is Sarah ?
She must be here .
Tris 's smile faded away .
- You are the only person that came here in the last five hours , Peter .
Unless ...
The silence that followed her words was oppressive .
They both knew what would happen if Tris 's husband found a stranger in his house .
- I must find her before he does .
Please , help me find her .
She could be in danger .
Tris sighed .
--Sorry , my friend , but I 'm not gon na face my husband again .
This time , you are on your own .
First of all , public transport is obsolete .
Take a look at the highways near the big cities .
They are full of cars each and every day .
If there were a future for public transport , that would n't happen .
Travelling by car gives you independence .
You are not tied to the timetable of the public transport .
You can choose when you would like to go .
You can also choose where you would like to go .
Finally , you can choose who will travel with you .
Those are great advantages everyone can see .
Right now we have a problem : the oil reserves are depleting .
That is going to happen sooner rather than later .
It could seem to point towards public transport , nevertheless it will push car travel even further .
The reason is that , once we are free from our oil shackles , we will say farewell to most of its problems .
There will be no more greenhouse gasses , you can forget about escalating gas prices and , finally , you will not remember air pollution .
Last but not least , we are entering a digital era .
Computers and smartphones are becoming more prominent in our lives .
Why would I travel to a meeting in a different city when I can meet through Skype ?
I can not find the reason .
It 's a waste of time and other resources .
In summary , public transport is dying .
We need to embrace the advances of technology and we will be free of those terrible experiences .
I enjoy watching soap operas on TV and the best one for me is EastEnders .
This TV series is mainly based on working - class people and represents various ethnic minority communities , including African and Asian Muslims .
This show is particularly good , as it represents how people from different ethnic backgrounds can engage with each other .
It shows that ethnic minority people can integrate with the majority Caucasian people without losing their cultural and traditional values .
In addition , it provides an opportunity for people from different backgrounds to peep into the culture and traditions of British people .
Although this soap involves a lot of cheating and plotting between characters , it also shows the importance of family values . I would definitely recommend this drama series to other people .
It is important to gain awareness about different cultures due to the fact that Britain is becoming such a multicultural society .
To travel around the world has always been my dream since I was a little boy .
However , what is the best means of transportation to see the world for yourself ?
As far as I am concerned , I would prefer to travel by boat .
A couple of good reasons are behind my choice .
First , to travel by boat is a very relaxing and carefree experience , compared to being confined to a very narrow and limited little space on the seat of a plane .
Second , people on boats are granted the opportunity to see beautiful ocean wildlife , while taking a plane does n't provide this luxury to take a look at the birds in the sky because planes travel at such a high speed .
Third , when it comes to travel , what really matters is not your destination .
From my perspective , it is the process that is more valuable .
Therefore , I would choose to lengthen the process of travelling , and a comfortable voyage on the sea would certainly become my first choice , since it guarantees a long and pleasant travelling experience .
I am writing to complain about the suggested ban on smoking in public areas .
I work in Café Noir , a well - known restaurant , popular with visitors in the centre of town .
I am very concerned about this proposal for a number of reasons .
Firstly , I do not understand why this is being implemented so quickly and why there has been no discussion - there is no time for anyone to feel comfortable with the idea .
Secondly , it is unthinkable to suggest it in outdoor bars and restaurants - such an idea is completely unworkable .
To support my argument against this proposal , I would like to explain what happened when the authorities attempted to introduce a ban on smoking in my home town .
It was unsuccessful , and the politicians had to reverse their decision .
In the first place , few people knew about this law , and , of course , most businesses opposed the idea .
A non - smoking policy was introduced by some restaurants ; the consequences were terrible : a large number of their customers vanished .
If this happened in Cafe Noir , I could probably lose my job .
In my opinion , introducing specific non - smoking areas in this type of establishment could be an excellent idea .
This would appear to be a better solution .
Dear Margaret ,
Firstly , thank you for answering and do n't worry about the delayed reply !
Secondly , I 'd like to tell you some things about myself as well .
It 's not easy for me to talk about myself , but I 'll do my best .
I 've been living in Augsburg for nearly two years now and am studying for a B.A. in Anglistik and economics .
Before moving to Augsburg , I studied biology for two semesters in Erlangen , but soon realised that it was n't the right subject of study for me .
So I switched and I 'm happy to say that it was the right decision !
Biology is still a hobby of mine , but I 've always been good at languages and so I 'm doing something I 'm naturally good at now .
I can speak English and , of course , German - and because my grandparents are from Korea , a little Korean , too .
I am the only grandchild that ca n't speak Korean properly because I grew up in Bavaria and not in NRW , but they taught me to cook .
It started when I was a little child , and it 's what I do .
When I 'm stressed or trying to postpone things like studying or cleaning the flat , I cook .
Sharing my flat with two boys is amusing most of the time , but when it 's about cleaning … oh my !
The good thing is : the rest of the time , living with boys is as uncomplicated as it gets .
And we 're a pretty good team because all of my cooking led to many evenings spent together in our kitchen .
My other big hobby is travelling .
I 've been to Jamaica , Morocco , the Maldives and Curacao .
Also , I have visited the USA many times : I ' ve travelled the west coast from San Diego to San Francisco , I 've been to Las Vegas , Chicago and Boston .
In less than two weeks , I 'm going to fly to New York City .
I 'm so excited !
So , now you have a rough summary of me .
I 'm looking forward to working with you and wish you all the best until then !
See you soon ,
Sarah
Dear Sir / Madam ,
I am writing in response to your advertisement in a magazine .
I would like to apply for a vacancy as a Camp Assistant .
I am a 23-year - old student doing a Sports Science degree , so I am interested in sports .
Besides , I am open - minded , easy - going and friendly .
I have experience of children 's Summer camps and I recently attended a First Aid course , so I could deal with a difficult situation .
I am a native speaker of Spanish and I have passed the First Certificate exam of Cambridge , so my English level is quite good .
In addition , I speak a little French .
I have no problem with being hired for three months because I do not go to university in the summer .
You will find attached two references written by the two directors of the camps where I have worked .
You could ask them about me and they would answer you immediately .
I look forward to receiving your reply .
Yours faithfully ,
Aureli Bonilla
There is no sport like football .
It is an activity that requires many people , which improves your social skills and your overall ability to manage a group .
It demands physical effort , being an excellent way to keep fit .
It involves many moral virtues , which makes football one of the best activities for teenagers .
Starting with the social skills , it is obvious that a football match is a dispute , a game we get involved in with the intention of winning .
This kind of action , when performed collectively , requires coordination of efforts and an ability to work together , two qualities that are frequently forgotten in our individualistic world .
If you play football , you know how to act when in a team .
Also , football is a physical game .
Unlike chess or bridge , football makes you jump , run , kick .
In times of escalators and cars , it is refreshing to find an activity that involves movement , velocity and strength .
And if you do decide to take it seriously , this sport will put you through workouts and sustained practices that are going to make you really fit .
Finally , football involves relationships in moments of tension , and this is the natural context for virtues like justice , courage and honesty .
In fact , it can be argued that the human virtues are a by - product of conflicts and fights ; that they are those character traits that we acknowledge as important for everybody engaged in a competition , be it for a trophy or for a country .
It is a sport that develops not only the body , but also the mind and the heart .
If you want to try it , you should find a club near you .
It is easy , because football is one of the most popular sports in the western world .
In a club , you will find professional advice and also as many people as are necessary for a match .
In fact , if football has a downside , it is this , the fact that you need twenty - two people to set up a match .
But , provided you have that , you will have one of the best ninety minutes of your entire life .
Dear Hiring Manager ,
I have read your call for marketing professionals on your corporate website .
Please find my CV and Letters of Reference attached .
Having graduated from UCLMD in 2016 as an IT - based marketing communication professional with a focus on Business English , I could be a great asset to your company .
During my studies I doubled the conversion rate of a London - based hotel 's website , and improved the effectiveness of their e - mail campaign by 150% .
I did so by clearly outlining principles which proved to work with their target audience and they can keep using as a guide .
I have been volunteering for various similar projects .
You can find a list of these with my achievements in my CV .
I have been following your marketing activities , and I have a number of new , creative ways on my agenda . I could improve your brand image as part of your team .
I would be excited to tell you about my plans in detail in a future interview .
Yours sincerely ,
Sandor Erzsi
I have a strong belief that being multilingual is essential for working in the financial industry and Mandarin is an important language for working in Asia - Pacific countries .
To further improve my Chinese , I enrolled for the Post - Intermediate Mandarin class during my undergraduate studies , in which I achieved a First - Class result .
Beyond my academic subjects , I have consistently taken up some active roles at university and outside school to further develop my interpersonal and leadership skills .
I was trained as a PASS ( Peer Assisted Study Session ) leader for econometrics to provide some academic support to some younger students during my final year of study at Manchester .
I attended training sessions and workshops to learn about the skills to be a good facilitator before the start of the academic year .
The regular meetings with my group of students to discuss their questions on econometrics have developed my empathy , which is a crucial skill for being a leader .
In addition , I have undertaken an internship at HSBC Risk in order to gain an insight into the banking industry and learn how to work with my peers in a business environment .
I have gained a better understanding of the role credit risk plays in the full picture of banking operations .
A Real Vacation and A Dream Vacation
To me , a vacation is a specific trip or journey for recreation or tourism .
And I usually spend my vacation with my family during school break .
However , there are two kinds of vacation , a real vacation and a dream vacation .
One summer vacation , I went on a trip to Paris with my family .
It was a 10-day trip .
And we had booked all our hotels in advance .
It seemed to be a dream vacation .
But it turned out to be totally different when I arrived there .
It was in the afternoon when we arrived .
When I walked out the airport , I was attracted by the beautiful scenery .
The streets , the cafés and the people formed a beautiful picture .
At night , I expected to have a romantic French dinner at a posh restaurant .
But no , instead of sitting in a restaurant , my mum took us to a supermarket to get some sandwiches for dinner .
In the following days , we mostly had bread and sandwiches for our meals .
And we had only water when we were thirsty .
During those 10 days , we walked a lot instead of catching a bus , because it saved money too .
But it made my legs sore every night .
This is a real vacation for me .
Even though I was in a romantic city , I could n't enjoy my vacation in a romantic way due to the low budget we had .
To me , a dream vacation is like going to a beautiful island like Palau , where I could enjoy the sunshine and the sea .
And I would like to go there with my boyfriend .
When I was there , I would start my day by calling room service for a wonderful breakfast in bed .
After , I would head to the sandy beach and relax in the sun , feeling the breeze .
As the day went on , I would also go swimming in the deep blue sea , go snorkeling or just lie on the beach .
Lying on the beach is very relaxing and it is the perfect thing to do on vacation .
Once the sun goes down , I would hit the bars to have some drinks and enjoy the nightlife .
And I would always have my meals at some luxurious restaurants .
This is the kind of dream vacation I want so badly .
Vacations should be relaxing , not tiring .
There are always differences between a real vacation and a dream vacation .
And it is all on account of the budgets we have .
Once I have enough money , I will make my dream vacations come true .
From now on , I will save my money to turn all my vacations into my dream vacations .
When I finished high school , I started working as an accountant in my father 's carpentry business .
He produces doors and windows in wood .
At the beginning , it was really difficult for me because I was a little shy with customers and I was n't used to working among noisy machinery and shouting workers , but after a while , I learned to ignore all of that !
Very soon I realized that this job was n't for me .
I was working in a very small country and my office was isolated , so I did n't have any contact with other people and my job started to get boring .
It took me 12 years to get the courage to quit because it was my family company and I felt really sorry , but I had to grow up and improve my professional skills , so I began to look for a new job .
When I received an email from a company based in the centre of Milan , I was really excited !
My father was happy because it was a great opportunity and understood that it was what I 'd been dreaming of for a long time .
Five years have passed and I 'm still working for this company , which has given me a lot , and I 've been learning many things about accounting .
In fact , I am administrative manager and I feel really proud of myself .
I meet lots of people every day and I have the chance to talk to smart people .
Last but not least , I 'm a great fashion expert because I work near the shopping streets !
Dear Sir / Madam ,
I would like to apply for the job which involves working in summer camps all over the USA .
I would love to be the person to organise and do all kinds of activities .
My name is Aly Meeuws . I am 16 years old . I live in The Netherlands at the moment and I am really planning on going to the USA in the future , so this would definitely be a great experience for me , especially for my English and being away from home .
Until next summer , I will still be in school but , hopefully , I will graduate so I can go to college afterwards .
I love to work with children and that is also why this job would be perfect for me .
Often , after school , I babysit my parents ' friends ' children and I usually really like it ! I am also a very athletic person , so I would not mind entertaining the children for a longer period of time and also doing some physical exercises .
Besides that , I also really enjoy cooking with my mom at home , so working in the kitchens would not be a problem at all .
Once , I cooked a Christmas dinner for me and my whole family and , surprisingly , everyone enjoyed it , which definitely came as a surprise to me !
I hope to hear from you soon !
Kind regards ,
Aly Meeuws
There has never been a bigger force for change than technology . It changes absolutely everything about the way we live , even the way we talk with each other .
Despite the rise of social media , the idea of community has changed radically , because people are sharing interests everywhere on the planet .
Social Media such as Twitter , Facebook , YouTube and blogs illustrate clearly that the definition or influence of digital technologies is created through the forms in which they are used and the social relations and associations that expand around them .
This essay will discuss the implications of social media for everyday life , emphasizing the problems which have arisen from the use of Facebook and Twitter .
Finally , it will look into possible future implications of this kind of technology .
Social networking websites can be explained as a web utility that allows people to create a public or semi - public profile , arrange a list of other contacts with whom it is possible to share connections and look at and cross their list of connections and those made by others within the system .
Namen and Kinnison ( 2012 ) indicates that " the three types of social interactions that social networking enables include ( 1 ) creation of an online identity , ( 2 ) establishment of relationships between users , and ( 3 ) development of layered communities defined by the lists of connections each user establishes " .
One of the most popular social networking websites is Facebook .
Another rapidly expanding social networking tool is Twitter .
These kinds of websites allow people to interact with others directly via smartphones or computers .
Through Twitter , users post opinions or comments restricted to 140 characters .
On the other hand , on Facebook , people can share pictures , videos and thoughts without restrictions .
As a result of an appropriate use of social networking tools in education , Javanovic , Chiong and Weise ( 2012 ) demonstrate that students adopt Facebook not only for socialising but also for academic purposes , for example , to obtain benefits for their studies or to save time by discovering learning resources ( p.39 ) .
Furthermore , some departments of police in the USA have used Facebook to share a video of a felony with the expectation of identifying the suspects , and their followers were apt to say something about the incident in response to the publication .
Additionally , a politician from Philadelphia , USA was elected after taking advantage of his Twitter account appropriately during his campaign .
My most memorable learning experience to date was my marriage .
My ex - husband taught me not to get involved with some kinds of people by analyzing his behavior before commitment .
During our courtship he was very charming and attentive .
We discussed some sexist ideas that I do n't agree with about what society demands of people and I noticed a little sexism in him , but I was fine with that because that can happen . But due to my profession , he could n't be like that for so long , because I was in a man 's shoes .
He was very jealous , but I thought it would fade away with time and with the gaining of trust , but it did not and ended up making me sick as the time passed .
I learned that a man does anything to conquer a woman . He even does a lot of hateful things for him , such as going to her home every night to be together or to hang out , while later you find out that he hates going to places except his house .
I learned a man says anything just to shut you up and not discuss things , just to have some love moments .
He does not end an argument and give a position to understand your point , he thinks he is right and does not want to think about it .
I also learned that men think in a different way from women during the day .
For example , while women think about millions of things like what they want to do or have to do during the day , men just do not think about anything and can be like that for hours , just with a blank mind .
But , in my opinion , this should be an excuse to think something that women should n't know anything about .
I also learned that it is the mother that gives the principles and the direction of a man 's mind , and depending on her , he is going to be a sexist or not , he is going to help and be an honorable man or not , he is going to be a good and caring father or not , he is going to be a responsible human being or not .
A mother is absolutely fundamental and the basis for the man 's principles and beliefs .
Women do not know their importance for the future in their own homes .
They teach the same things over and over again and do not rethink whether those beliefs and actions are really right to help the world change and be a better world for everyone .
Once upon a time there was a majestuous kingdom in England , surrounded by beautiful rivers , waterfalls and mountains .
Everyone lived peacefully and harmoniously until one day , at the welcoming ball in honour of the little princess , a horrendous witch showed up and cursed the little princess named Sophie , who would die at the age of 16 and only a kiss of true love would save her .
Princess Sophie grew up , she was so unhappy because she could n't do anything , she was condemned to live in a room of the castle until someone could find the cure for her curse .
One day she figured out how to escape through a hidden passage , she got to the town and ran and jumped , she did every little thing she had n't been allowed to do for so long .
While she was having some fun , a handsome boy bumped into her and she fell to the ground .
As only a gentleman would do , he apologised and introduced himself to the Princess :
" I am so sorry Madam , excuse me for my blunder .
I am Michael . "
The princess was a little scared of talking to someone she did n't know , because she had never got to talk to anyone before , but still she answered him with a big smile " You are excused , my name is Sophie . " It truly was love at first sight .
Michael asked her to go with him for an ice cream so he could make up for his mistake .
Sophie accepted and they started a strong friendship that , with time , became more than just a friendship ; they fell in love with each other .
Princess Sophie used to escape so she could meet with Michael , until one day , when she was just about to meet Michael to confess to him all the truth about who she really was , a guard discovered her and the King commanded him to lock her up in her room .
Michael was disappointed because he thought that Princes Sophie did n't love him anymore .
Princess Sophie sent him a lot of letters telling him the truth about herself , and about her curse .
But after Michael read the first letter , and found out that Sophie was a princess , he thought he was just a game for her .
He did n't want to read the next letters , in which Princess Sophie said he was the love of her life and also wrote about the curse .
Michael decided to leave the kingdom , when he was just about to close the door , he turned back to his coffee table and saw the letters , he had a hunch but he ignored it .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
I believe that saying that there is no future for public transport given that travelling by car is so much more convenient , is premature . We need to consider a lot of factors before we can make a judgement of this kind .
What happens in the future will be decided by what happens now .
We have already heard about how pollution is killing our planet earth , gradually .
People are advised to carpool and travel together to work places .
Various announcements over radio and TV emphasize the need to use the public transport system for travelling to save the environment .
Yet , not many pay heed to the message .
People may choose to ignore the advice now but , in the future , they may not have a choice .
It is only a matter of time before we reach a tipping point with respect to the limited natural resources that we have .
Then we may have no choice but to use public transport as much as we can for travel .
One of the latest films I have seen is Silver Linings Playbook , played by Bradley Cooper and Jennifer Lawrence .
It 's a comedy with romantic features and , at the same time , very realistic .
There are family problems , football madness , romantic obsessions and mental illnesses .
The plot is about a young man ( Bradley Cooper ) who has just been discharged from a psychiatric hospital and has moved to his parents home .
He was accused of mistreating his wife and that is the reason why they had been separated for the last eight months .
The problem is that he has an obsession : he wants to get back with his wife although he ca n't talk to her as the police have forbidden him .
His neighbour is a young woman ( Jennifer Lawrence ) who has been widowed for 2 years .
She has a turbulent and complicated past .
They meet by chance and start a tortuous relationship as friends .
Interestingly , they find the way to help each other and , not surprisingly , in the end they fall in love .
I personally think that the film shows an interesting view of psychiatric illnesses and the importance of the family in this type of problem .
I strongly recommend you go and see the film .
Introduction
The aim of this report is to present young people 's interests in my country .
It gives information about their tastes in music , TV programmes and clothes .
Music
A revival of rock music has been seen in the past 10 - 15 years .
So , naturally , about half of the teenagers and young adults prefer rock and roll , hard rock and progressive rock to other genres .
They enjoy both local bands ' output and some foreign songs .
About one third of the rest would claim they listen mainly to pop folk , whereas the rest would be interested in R&B , soul and jazz .
Television
Although not many young people like spending their free time watching TV , I believe that some patterns of preference can still be recognized .
Apart from classics like Friends , popular shows include How I Met Your Mother , The Big Bang and the new HBO talk show Last Week Tonight . I can say with high certainty that reality TV is no longer in with young people in my country .
Clothes
Most teens tend to create their own unique style , often managing to start a fashion of their own .
Designer clothes are not what they look for anymore .
Conclusion
This information could help the organizers of next year 's festival in choosing appropriate music and catering to a variety of tastes .
Hello Sarah !
How have you been ? I 'm writing you this letter because I think I found the perfect flat for you .
My friend Peter recently told me that he was moving out of his flat , so I asked him if he was willing to rent it .
And guess what ...
He said yes .
It 's a third floor apartment right in the middle of the city .
It has two bedrooms , a kitchen and a very large bathroom .
The house is already equipped with everything you might need and furniture so all you need to do is pack up your things and move !
Tell me what you think about it .
Bye , Sofia
Dear Sir or Madam ,
I would like to express my total dissatisfaction with your latest measures .
You changed the time of the Japanese lessons from the evening to the afternoon , when I am actually at work .
So if I want to come to the lesson , I have to postpone all my projects to a later time .
Furthermore , you will increase the course fee by 15% from next month .
I have to say , I am really upset about these changes .
In the future , you do not provide the Japanese course at a convenient time .
So you will provide a worse service for more money from next month .
I am very sorry , but I can not accept this !
If you do not change your policies or give me a personal discount , I will leave your school .
I would appreciate it if you took these possibilities into consideration .
I expect a quick response from you .
Yours faithfully
Vivien Alberta
Recently I watched a film called " The Sixth Sense " , and I 'd totally recommend it to anyone older than 13 .
The movie is set in the United States around the 1990 's , so we could say the film is technically modern , though I 'm sure that in some years it will be considered a classic .
It 's about the story of a little boy that is haunted by a big secret ; he is visited by ghosts .
His mother does n't know about this , but she is worried about him .
So she decides to take him to a child psychologist .
The boy soon becomes friends with the psychologist , and he starts noticing plenty of things about this exceptional boy .
I 'm not normally keen on thrillers , but this is definitely a must watch .
The boy 's acting is really something , such a thing that his acting earned him a nomination for the Academy Awards .
I found this movie both exciting and emotional . Both thumbs up for me !
Funding proposal
As the secretary of the English Language Club , I am writing to propose that our club be given funding for the coming year .
Outline of the club 's activity
The Club has many social and cultural programs .
We regularly organise film projections and discussions around a subject related to the film .
We also invite guest speakers and organise fun events .
Benefits for the students
Many students gain a great deal from our activities .
For example , with every film seen , our students have the chance to practice their language and to develop their own opinions , particularly as we always have discussions around a subject related to the film .
Also , our monthly speakers are excellent . For example , last year we invited a well - known actress , Janet Hewitt , to share some of her experience on Broadway .
Unfortunately , organising these kinds of events is costly and the money from membership fees is not enough .
Benefits for the college
We also believe the college benefits from our club .
Being founded in 1920 by our well - known alumnus , John Carter , the English Language Club is the oldest club in our college .
The fact that everyone from the community can participate in our events helps us to develop a positive relationship between the college and the community .
We hope you will be able to take all this into account and will find it possible to help us continue and improve our club by funding us .
In my opinion , shopping is not always enjoyable .
What 's more , shopping is almost always unenjoyable .
I just hate it .
The whole process is arduous and nerve - wracking .
I am a homebody type .
Every time , when something compels me to leave my " castle " , I feel under the weather .
Especially when it comes to going shopping .
It just winds me up .
Shopping centres are located in the city centres , so every road trip lasts ages ( I live in a suburb ) . Thus , when I get to the mall , I am already bent out of shape .
Afterwards , the crowd of people is ramming me when I 'm trying to walk .
The lighting in shops is unpleasant .
My eyes instantaneously start to hurt .
I 'm not able to find any nice clothes .
Although , if I find something cute , it wo n't fit .
And the worst thing - the queues .
I hate them wholeheartedly .
At the end , I 'm livid and exhausted .
Thank goodness we live in the internet age and I can do shopping without leaving my bed .
1 . The author compares Easter to a pagan spring festival , because they are associated with happiness .
The way Easter and , specifically , Good Friday are celebrated is gradually deprived of religious content .
People do n't want to contemplate Christ 's suffering , but they want to move directly to the cheerful part of the Easter celebration , so , to Easter Sunday .
2 .
According to the author , people " flinch from consideration of Good Friday " due to three taboos connected with this day : self - sacrifice , suffering and death .
The way self - sacrifice is seen has changed enormously - we no longer want to sacrifice ourselves , because it 's unpopular and it is in contradiction with the idea of consumerism .
What is more , we are becoming indifferent to other people 's suffering and that 's why we are n't willing to think about it , even on Good Friday .
Suffering , as well as death , is pushed away from our real life - we do n't want to experience them , but would rather watch them on different kinds of TV shows .
3 . The L'Oreal slogan " Because you 're worth it " proves the author 's thinking that we are unwilling to sacrifice ourselves .
In a consumer lifestyle , we want more and more for ourselves , but not for other people , because it will require self - sacrifice .
Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately .
It was a hot summer 's day , everyone was walking to their usual destination ; work , school , to buy some groceries , pick up the laundry or their clothes from the cleaners . Everyone except Peter .
He was sweating , looking at people in a confused way .
" Do n't they know what is happening ? "
Suddenly , Peter started to run . While he ran , he looked at his watch , over and over again , as if by looking at his watch time would stop .
But this was not the case , time continued to pass by , ever so slowly , making Peter even more agitated .
He stopped at a great big building , knowing that the fastest way to get to the top floor of the building was by taking the elevator , but what if the elevator stopped ?
He decided to take the stairs , and so he did .
He ran up the stairs as fast as he could .
Half way through his journey , he tripped .
To him , it felt as if time had stopped for a moment , but time , as time always does , kept going .
Peter smiled for a brief moment as he remembered his obsession with Einstein 's Theory of General Relativity . He thought , " finally I understand it " .
He calmly stood up , looked at his watch , then closed his eyes and realized that there was nothing else to do .
Nowadays , it is hard for many young people to do physical exercise frequently .
It is a well - known fact that sometimes they prefer watching TV on the sofa or playing computer games comfortably to doing physical activities .
So , it is necessary to find a solution in order to make young people keep fit in a motivated way .
There can be no doubt that technology should be a tool to motivate young people .
It is clear that most of them use computers and watch television almost every day , but while they are doing this , they are sitting on a comfortable sofa .
I feel very strongly that computer games could be an enjoyable way to do physical exercise without leaving home .
On the market , you can find a wide range of computer games or video games to keep fit , such as dancing to the rhythm of the latest hits , playing tennis , doing aerobics , running ...
Moreover , schools can play an important role in kids ' fitness .
It is true that many young people do extra activities related to sports , like football or basketball .
Although some schools offer the chance of doing these , many others do not .
I firmly believe that were the schools to offer kids a greater variety of sports , there can be no doubt that they would do more exercise .
In this way , children could do the sport they prefer as a routine .
To sum up , it is important to motivate young people to do physical exercise .
School programmes and technology could be effective methods to achieve this goal .
It seems to me that school programmes would make young people be encouraged to keep fit because , in this way , they do their favourite sport in a routine way .
It all started with jumping over big black trashcans .
I was 9 years old when it happened for the first time .
Back in the time , when I successfully passed third grade , my parents decided to let me pick the present that I wanted as a reward .
The very first thing that came to my mind was a pair of inline roller skates ; I used to look out of my window , or sit on my house 's doorstep and see my neighbors skating and trying to do some tricks and jumps , and all I wanted was to join them instead of watching them enjoying themselves .
My parents took me to TOYS R US to get what I wanted .
I ran to the outdoor toys section and I picked the skates I liked .
I tried a couple of sizes to see which one fitted best .
I could not have been more excited about joining my friends .
After that , I went back home , I put them on , and I went outside to skate .
I fell over a hundred times in a few days .
With time , I got better , and I started to learn how to do tricks and jump over small items .
While skating was a whim for my friends and me in the beginning , I found myself through it .
I knew that skating was the thing I wanted to do for the rest of my life , the thing I wanted to tell people about when they asked me what my favorite thing to do was .
In a couple of years , I became much better and I learned to do many tricks , like skating backwards , the Snake and the Zigzag .
I learned how to jump over many things , such as chairs and the trashcans that my neighbors used to jump over .
However , that was not enough for me .
I kept trying to find out more about skating .
I went to middle school ; I met two friends who also loved to skate ; Mohammed and Khalid .
We decided to go skating on the next weekend at the park , which has a wide path by the sea .
When we met on the weekend , I noticed that they were different ; they had different skates , and different methods of skating , they slid on edges and skated on the park benches .
I realized that this is what I was looking for ; a new additional excitement to add to skating .
I had to wait for two months to buy a new pair of skates , but this time it was aggressive skates .
When I started aggressive skating , I had to learn how to balance my weight using heavy two - wheel inline skates .
This kind of skating taught me how to take risks and not to be afraid .
After a while , the group expanded , and we used to go around the town , Yanbu , to search for great edges and rails to slide on .
In addition , we made our own skate rails , and we used some help from my friend 's brother , who is in fact an Engineer .
Once , on a weekend , it was my last year in middle school , I was at the park practicing as usual .
I found three people skating , and again , a new kind of skates , and new methods .
Their moves were so smooth ; it was more like a ballet .
I was impressed .
I introduced myself , and as I thought , they were visiting from a different city .
We discussed different topics , but mainly skating .
The more we got deep into conversation , the more I wanted to learn this type of skating .
It turned out that they were wearing roller hockey skates . "
These skates are light , smooth , and perfect for freestyle slalom skating .
" One of them said .
The words " freestyle " and " slalom " caught my attention .
They showed me what slalom skating was .
They started to put small cones in a line with a bit of space in between .
They played some music and started to skate with the rhythm . I was surprised , I had mixed feelings , and it was indescribable .
I kept staring at them with a wide open mouth and eyes .
The butterfly feeling in my stomach started to appear .
I knew at that moment that I wanted to change my style of skating .
And , as the skaters suggested , I bought a pair of hockey skates .
I did not have the ability to order the cones online back then , so , I went to IKEA , and bought small colored cups and used them as cones .
I went to the same park .
After a couple of hours of trying to get used to my new skates , I put the cups on .
I opened some tutorial videos on YouTube and started to practise .
In a short time , I became so good , and some of my friends changed from aggressive to slalom skating just by seeing me practicing .
My guess is they had the same reaction I had when I saw the three skaters .
For me , skating is not just a sport .
After almost 3 years of practicing to do tricks , to create a perfect match between my moves and the rhythm of the song I am playing , and to try to reach perfection , I realized that slalom skating is more like a performing art than a sport .
A freestyle skater who can make a perfect combo of tricks that matches the rhythm is an artist .
When I stopped looking for enthusiasm , fun , and excitement and started trying to fulfill my heart , brain , and body 's desires by skating , I knew for sure skating is not just a sport or a hobby .
Skating is a lifestyle .
About one year ago , I moved to Philadelphia , United States .
Unlike in my country , Philadelphia is always rainy , wet , and sloppy .
This weather was an obstacle . It was impossible to skate in these conditions .
However , I was not going to give up on skating that easily .
I had to find something to keep me going , to fulfill the missing part in me .
A friend suggested giving ice skating a shot , and for me , everything is worth trying just to be able to skate again .
I went to an ice rink , I rented hockey skates , and I started to skate .
I did not imagine that it would be that similar to roller skating .
What I learned in 10 years , I had the ability to learn on ice in one month .
It was just a matter of balance .
Today , After 10 years of skating , I wonder sometimes what my life would be without skating . I believe that skating is a huge part of me , Mohammed , and I am positive that if this part was missing , my path in life would have changed and I would never be the same person I am now .
Singapore could be the place where you will find everything you are looking for .
This place is a hub where east and west meet , it is one of the biggest and busiest ports in the world .
Shopping is very popular among tourists .
The most well - known shopping centre is called Marina Bay Sands mall , located in the south part of the island .
If you are looking for any luxury brands and an extravagant shopping experience , this is the right place .
Vivo city in Harbourfront and shopping street on Orchard Road are good if you want to buy anything from mid - range to high - end goods .
Both places are extremely crowded with people on the weekend , so unless you enjoy people watching , early - bird shopping is highly recommended .
Haji Lane in Bugis has lots of local boutiques where you can find unique pieces by designers from Asia .
Graffiti on the walls and small alleyways create a punky ambience .
This place is also famous for good coffee shops .
Lastly , there are sports dedicated malls , which are Velocity in Novena , Kallang mall and Queensway mall .
A variety of selections from different brands are available .
Icebreakers
I was surprised when I realized I was talking too much .
I 'm usually not good at talking or any social things .
Whenever I talk with someone I meet for the first time , I often make us fall into awkward silences .
But with him , I 'm ... I 'm different , I 'm the one who often breaks the ice .
Because I want him to talk .
I love to listen to him talking - I love his voice .
I try to recall the jokes I 've read in books or on Facebook or blogs and tell him .
I love his laughter , his smile , his chuckle .
I ca n't bear even a second of our awkward silences .
However , when we sit in silence , I love to stare at him , reading his face .
Is he feeling bored ?
Is something on his mind ?
I know it .
He 's friendly .
He always smiles when he 's talking .
I once told a friend , " You know ?
He 's very friendly .
He can make friends easily .
Even if you meet him for the first time , his smile can make you feel comfortable . " My friend replied , " Yes , I may feel comfortable around him .
We may become friends in seconds .
But I doubt I can read his face like you do . "
I always want to be with him , talking , laughing , smiling or simply sitting in silence reading his face .
I 'm the kind of person who used to think that every hour had a purpose , who had no time to waste , not even a single hour .
I always had things to do .
But when I 'm with him , they become secondary .
He is the most important thing to me .
I am happy when I am with him .
I do n't want to do anything else .
Just being with him is enough .
Please , let me follow my heart , at least for the first time in my life .
Advertising is a form of communication that is used to influence and persuade consumers to buy products , services , ideas .
Advertising is most commonly aimed at the manipulation of consumers ' behavior in a commercial aspect .
But at the same time , advertising has many features in common with art .
Firstly , art is the expression of human creative skills and imagination , typically in a visual form .
And advertising is a combination of sounds , images and words .
Like art , it is intended to evoke emotions and feelings .
To be successful , advertising often uses images from popular movies , catchy melodies , unusual graphic elements and fragments of famous paintings .
Often , people who are watching a commercial , do not remember what details or elements of other visual art types they have seen before .
Therefore , advertising successfully combines other types of art to influence the subconscious and human behavior .
Secondly , art , like advertising , is such a large part of our everyday lives .
Someone designed all the things around us : a chair , shoes , clothes .
It is art .
Art is something that is both functional and aesthetically pleasing to people 's eyes .
Hoardings and billboards , which are a part of the urban landscape , are art .
Visual advertising like painting , uses color , value , space and line .
These are elements of art .
Also , it uses balance , contrast , emphasis and proportion .
These are principles of design .
Lastly , advertising , like art , originated a long time ago .
Commercial advertising can be traced as far back as Ancient Greece .
There were posters for entertainment , small ads for businesses , merchants used town criers , paying for events .
With the development of mass media , television and internet advertising has become the strongest form of communication .
Now , advertising is a big part of modern culture .
Advertising shares similarities with art and often combines other types of art to be more successful .
Advertising is creative combinations of sounds , images and words .
Modern technologies and the development of mass media , have allowed advertising to become the greatest art of the 20th century .
Michael got out of bed on the wrong side that day or , at least , that 's what he thought when , on his way to work , he was so concentrated on looking down at his mobile phone that he did n't see a woman approaching him and they both collided .
She was around fifty years old and rather unattractive although smartly dressed .
She did n't see Michael coming either because she had just come out of a Starbuck 's coffee shop right at the corner and was putting her purse back into her massive handbag .
In her left hand there was a large steaming cup of coffee that landed on Michael 's new shirt when he bumped into her .
One second later , Michael was covered in coffee , burnt and sticky and his mobile phone screen was winking until it finally turned off with a dying flash .
Michael then remembered how he had overslept that morning , how he did n't have time to have breakfast , how he did n't have any clean shirt ready and had to wear the new one that he was keeping for a special occasion and he blamed that woman for it all .
He screamed , shouted , waved his hands in the air , swore and insulted that stranger until his rage faded away .
And then he rushed away trying not to be late for work .
A couple of hours later , already in his office , he received a call .
The new human resources manager had arrived and wanted to meet every worker in the company personally .
It was his turn now .
He jumped off his chair , walked down the corridor and stopped in front of the HR Manager 's office .
He knocked at the door and when he opened it , he saw , sitting there , the same old lady he had cursed a few hours earlier in the street .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
My article is about a class play .
In this article a teacher reflects on his experiences of creating plays and using them to help motivate students to develop their English .
It consists of eight parts : Introduction ; How to start ; Writing the play ; I want to be Cinderella ; Practise ; The big night ; Reason for putting on a play and A few final thoughts .
The author says that the pros far outweigh the cons and that is the main idea of the article .
The first thing you need to start with is a deadline to get everything done by .
Writing the play : first , you can ask learners to invent profiles and to tell you about their characters ; second , learners can write the basic outline of the play or you can adapt a familiar story .
Then you should take a decision about choosing roles : start by asking for volunteers , and always ensure that everyone in the class has a role or something to do .
Students must learn their lines by heart .
The most effective way is to practise every lesson for ten minutes at the beginning and end .
You can give them the play with gaps to read through and finally get them to perform a number of times without a script .
Some learners will not want a speaking part . You could even ask them to be promoters .
Reasons for putting on a play : learners will learn whole chunks of language in a clear context and they will learn not only their parts .
It gives learners the opportunity to demonstrate their different skills in the language classroom .
Also , they can see how much language they can produce .
In a world of increasing environmental awareness , improved public transport represents the way of the future .
Although people do enjoy the convenience and privacy of travelling in their own private vehicles , in my opinion , they might choose public transport if it fulfilled certain conditions .
These conditions fall into three broad categories : attitudinal , financial and logistical .
From an attitudinal perspective , people must first be convinced of the benefits of public transportation .
An educational or public relations campaign must be launched to sensitize those who might have disregarded this possibility before .
People should be familiarized with the environmental , social and personal benefits for present and future generations .
This is one step .
From a financial perspective , public transportation must be a clear and viable benefit to consumers .
In other words , it must be more affordable than driving to work every day .
For example , if people know that by using buses and subway , they can save enough money to take a free holiday each year , many more individuals would be persuaded to travel in this way .
This is another critical step .
From a logistical perspective , public transportation should be convenient for commuters .
City planners and transport officials must ensure that frequent and reliable public transportation is available for each citizen .
For people to make the habit of travelling by bus or subway , they must know that they will be able to get to various places on time .
Transport vehicles must be well maintained , subway and bus drivers should be customer - oriented and service must be punctual and efficient .
This is an additional important step .
In conclusion , through a multi - pronged approach , it is possible to increase the use of public transportation .
City officials and politicians can lead the way by utilizing these forms of transport themselves and bringing about change through personal example .
Then , more citizens will follow suit and we may all hope to live in a cleaner , less polluted environment .
Dear Sir / Madam ,
I am writing to provide you with some background information so you can better judge my scholarship for the MA in Business Administration ( see attached form and résumé ) .
Regarding my academic experience , I am currently completing my degree in Primary Teaching and Psychology at the University of Valencia , Spain , where my current speciality is misbehavioral children .
So far , I have received excellent grades in all subjects , and I am on course to graduate with distinction at the end of the semester .
Enclosed you will find photocopies of all relevant certificates .
I believe my greatest strengths lie in my ability to work well and an aptitude for taking on whatever challenges come my way .
For these reasons , I strongly believe I am able to take on the demands of a full - time job in your facilities .
My future career in teaching would be greatly enhanced by earning a degree at your university .
Should my application be successful , I am available for interview whenever it is convenient .
If you require any further details or references , please do not hesitate to contact me .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Yours faithfully ,
Imma Díaz .
My favorite sport is cycling .
I enjoy this sport because it allows you to take care of your health by using almost all your muscles while you can also enjoy the scenery and visit the places you come across .
Like every sport , it is also a good way to meet people and make some new friends .
You can ride at your own pace and go increasingly far .
It makes you see the road and your environment differently .
Furthermore , it is better for the planet to ride a bike instead of driving a car because cycling does n't produce any pollution .
When you start riding a bicycle , you first need to check if your bike complies with the safety regulations .
For instance , you need good brakes , lights , a bell and reflective stripes on your wheels or reflectors .
You also need to know some basic rules such as putting out your arm to indicate when you turn and , of course , you need to know the highway code .
A lot of people are afraid to ride a bike in cities because they fear the massive presence of cars and think they will be crushed .
Indeed , some places still need to improve the structures for bikes : sometimes they do n't have a lot of cycle paths .
But if you learn how to obtrude in the traffic while remaining polite with others , there is no reason to be afraid .
Let 's get on our bikes and discover new places !
Dear Paul ,
How are things ? I got your message last week .
Unfortunately , I did n't have time to answer .
I was studying a lot and now I 've got some days to rest .
You wrote that you are interested to know something about the concert I helped organize .
It was a great experience .
First of all , I met a lot of people from all over the world . I keep in touch with them all the time .
During the concert , I was responsible for checking tickets .
I was working with two people and we had to check two thousand tickets !
After the concert we had to clear the concert area as there was a lot of mess around !
We were cleaning for over 8 hours !
On top of that , each of us got two tickets for the next concert of the band .
It was fantastic to take part in that enterprise .
Take care , hope to hear from you soon
Kinga
I was alone in my bedroom and a young good looking woman entered the room .
She swiftly came to my bed and gave me a letter .
It looked quite simple , I had no idea who could have sent me that letter .
When the woman left , I opened it eagerly and when I read the first sentence my heart stopped .
It was from the most dangerous and terrifying gang in the village .
It said that I was now one of them .
I met those boys the next Friday and they told me that I had to pass the initiation test .
I felt extremely nervous , I was about to commit a crime and my heart was beating uncontrollably , really fast .
I went into the tiny shop and the shopkeeper looked through me .
" Hi " , he groaned drumming his fingers .
" Do you have ice - creams ? " I asked nervously .
The shopkeeper nodded and pointed at a grey fridge at the end of the shop .
" Thank you " , I mumbled , and went straight to the fridge .
My hands were sweating and the other boys were waiting outside , ecstatic .
A second later , a child entered the shop and began to move around quickly .
He was quite small , about seven years old and he was beaming , smiling from ear to ear .
I thought it was the perfect moment and , at the speed of light , I put a whole box of sweets into my old bag .
Silence .
I walked forwards and stared at the shopkeeper .
I was going to leave , when the bitter and loud voice of the man surprised me .
" Hey little boy , what are you doing ?
He yelled angrily .
My heart nearly stopped beating . I turned and noticed that the man was not speaking to me , but to the child .
" I do n't know " , he answered , confused .
" Where has the sweet box gone little thief ?
He rasped and crossed his arms .
" I have not taken anything yet " , the boy whimpered .
" Dear me ! How can you be so cheeky ? " he uttered dismissively , tapping his feet .
The boy began to cry .
After watching this , I returned to my house hoping the man would forgive the child .
Feeling horribly guilty , I fell asleep .
That was the first crime I committed and here I am now , in jail .
A day at the races .
This text leads us into the ( for me unknown ) world of horse racing .
In a few sentences , we can get an idea of what it is .
And we can find different reasons to be interested in this type of event .
I think that horse races are a fun entertainment if you like one of these three things : animals , betting and fashion .
If you like animals , you 'll enjoy seeing those beautiful horses running and jumping as fast as they can .
If you like to bet and you 're not used to doing it at horse races , maybe you 're looking forward to trying to bet on the nose or each way ?
And if you love fashion and you have the chance to go to Ascot , you may run into the Queen and greet her , and at the same time enjoy the fabulous sight of all those extravagant hats the ladies wear .
Meanwhile , you can have a good time drinking some bubbly .
But you can also have a " horrible " day at the races : if you 're not savvy enough to know the differences between the bets , you can end up skint , penniless .
And of course , if you 're not an it - girl , you can spend a lot of money and choose the wrong dress to attend Ascot and perhaps you 'll have to watch the races from behind a curtain .
Anyway , if you knew beforehand your odds of winning , it would n't be so thrilling .
That 's the raison d'être of horse racing : lose or win money .
And if you want to admire the wonderful world of hats , you 'd better buy some magazine where you 'll find all the photos for just 2 € .
Hello ,
thanks for the letter which has just arrived . I 've read that you 're writing a term paper on the chances of developing countries to profit from the electronic revolution , are n't you ?
I think I 've some useful information for you .
Because two days ago I read an article by Nadine Bös about this topic .
The article was about the possibility to transfer money with mobile phones in developing countries .
First , you should know that the technical term for this is " mobile banking " .
Today it is a fact that there is a target group for mobile banking : people who are living in remote areas of the world .
On the one hand , there are hardly any banks in these regions , so they do n't have access to bank services .
But on the other hand , the number of mobile phones has risen .
So now the most important factor is that mobile networks are reaching the remotest areas in the world .
Through this , many people would have access to mobile banking and , in addition to that , it makes money available so it can be used in shops .
According to Hannah Dideck the largest potential is that migrants can use mobile banking to send money home .
I hope I have helped you with this information .
Write back soon and let me know how it goes .
Best wishes
Alexandra
For today 's teenagers it is hard to imagine life before mobile phones although it did exist only some decades ago .
Few technical inventions have had such a deep impact on our daily life as this little thing .
However , there are various advantages and disadvantages to a mobile phone and everyone has to decide for him- or herself in which way to use this medium .
First of all , the mobile phone is a great way to " stay connected " all the time . Chatting with your friends , staying informed of the latest news , ordering online , etc - you can do all these things simultaneously , wherever and whenever you want .
This aspect has also enabled employees to become homeworkers as they no longer need to be present in an office to get a job done .
Furthermore , mobile phones allow last - minute - changes very easily .
No need to make a fixed appointment with a friend in advance , as you can always agree to call each other once everyone is on the way .
However , the biggest strength of the mobile phone is also the biggest risk , in my opinion : being connected all the time creates a lot of stress for people , as you are always available for everyone .
Therefore , you do n't have any time to relax , which is essential , even from your leisure commitments .
The same is valid for business life : if employees are available all the time , they take the worries of the daily business with them to their home , which means a lot of stress .
Last but not least , the mobile phone enables worried parents or suspicious partners to track the child or the loved one nearly permanently .
This can be seen as loving worry about someone but also as a sign of distrust .
Finally , the mobile phone offers both disadvantages and advantages in daily life .
However , I personally think that it should not be regarded too critically but should only be handled responsibly , according to one 's personal needs .
I recently saw a film called Passengers .
It 's about 2000 people that want to go to a new planet to start a new life and their trip was going to take approximately 120 years .
Before the trip started , the company who decided to make this trip said that everything was perfectly calculated so that it was impossible to have any kind of problem with the spacecraft .
But they were wrong .
The first 30 years all was going well , but suddenly something bad happened .
One of the cabins broke down and the person who was inside it woke up .
This guy was called Mark and he was an engineer .
Once he realized that he was the only person awake he knew something was wrong .
He was going to be alone for the next 90 years .
He could n't continue like that so he hacked one of the cabins of a woman that he loved .
The first 2 years , all was perfect until day number 734 .
She discovered that she did n't have any problem with the cabin , it was Mark who hacked it .
After that , they never spoke again .
It does not seem like years have passed since I first met her , but it was some time ago indeed .
It was such a hot summer that it was impossible to turn off the ventilator and I was a bored child with a laptop . I had signed in on the social network , Tuenti , and I liked passing all the time chatting .
One day , a girl called Irene talked to me .
She told me that she was bored as well and that she also had two brothers .
She was a very friendly person and soon we were chatting every day .
Although we were in the same school , we had n't talked before .
It was nearly August when we decided to meet .
I was really excited .
Irene was taller than me , brown - eyed and dark - haired .
She picked me up and took me to her house .
And what a beautiful house it was !
She had a swimming pool , a little garden and a lovely bunny called " Suki " .
We stayed there all the afternoon , talking and laughing like we had been friends for ages .
I knew it was the beginning of a great friendship .
That one meeting made it a day I will never forget .
Louis was convinced that this new project would be an incredible opportunity for him to try new things and study different fields , which he enjoyed . He loved to read about science , inventions , and keep up - to - date with the news .
But he immediately thought - why not continue doing what I love while I do something new ?
That 's exactly what he began to do .
He sent an e - mail to the tour company explaining his situation and sudden interest in this project .
The company immediately replied telling him that they were sorry that they did n't reply days earlier , but they could n't , since the system crashed and did n't allow them to send electronic mail , just to receive it .
They said that it was alright if he was interested in other projects , but he still needed to give the same working performance .
They asked him about this project and what his idea was .
Louis told them that it was related to an instrument to explore new places .
He did trust the company , but not enough for them to know everything he thought .
The company told Louis that they did n't want to bother him , but that they were interested in investing in this kind of project , because it was related to the purpose of the company : exploring .
But Louis knew that the invention needed to have a great design that implemented portability , that is why he needed to refine his ideas for this project to be used in a large number of useful ways .
The company told Louis that they wanted to invest in this project and help Louis .
Later that same day , Louis went cave diving in the mainland .
He wanted to conquer as much territory down the sea level as he could .
He thought that it was a great way to relax and think about things .
He loved the idea of descending to the bottom of the sea where his ideas would n't be taken away or heard .
While he was exploring the bottom of the sea , he tried to grab a rock , but just when he touched it , it scattered into dust , which vanished in the bulk quantity of water around him . That was when he knew the next important thing that the invention needed to have : resistance .
There 's a lot of pressure in the deep parts of the sea and what happened to the rock was the clear proof of it .
Although it also needed to be flexible , it needed to be tough .
It needed to be this way .
If not , the consumers of this product would end up buried .
Introduction
The purpose of this report is to outline actions taken by the authorities of Mińsk Mazowiecki in the sphere of preserving the environment .
What happens to the rubbish ?
The local government of Mińsk Mazowiecki has recently implemented new laws which concern rubbish segregation .
It is obligatory for the inhabitants to put their different types of garbage into separate bins .
Although citizens usually obey those rules , in some cases , they are completely neglected .
However , people who have bigger houses tend to compost the organic waste and that makes up for the disobedience .
The situation with household litter looks much better than what happens on the streets of the city .
Waste is thrown on the ground and very few people are concerned about this problem .
Town 's actions
As not all inhabitants are sensitive about the environment , it is the local government 's responsibility to decrease the harmful effects of people 's actions .
Authorities make sure that rubbish bins are placed at short distances apart since this is the most common reason why people throw litter on the ground .
There are many workers employed so that the waste is picked up .
Not only does it give people a job , but it also has a good impact on the town 's appearance .
One of the most challenging issues in modern cities is transportation .
Cities have been planned to satisfy people 's needs to travel all around the city .
Now we can observe people moving around the city using bikes , underground , public transport , and cars .
Although there are many people who suggest that public transport is no longer a suitable option because cars are considered a more convenient option for transport , there are more benefits using public transport than travelling by car , such as reduction of traffic , saving money , and decreasing pollution .
Firstly , a car can carry only 5 people at a time .
A bus or an underground train can carry from 30 to 100 people at a time .
When referring to cars , we can considerably reduce the number of vehicles on the streets if we use public transport .
The less we use cars , the less traffic we will see in the roads .
Secondly , having a car means different costs have to be afforded .
For example , cars require petrol to function .
If a person constantly uses his / her car , he / she will need to pay for more petrol .
Equally importantly , a car requires maintenance and it will be another expense that the owner has to cover .
Finally , if every person drives his / her own car , pollution will considerably increase , affecting air conditions .
I was getting really bored .
I had to stand because we were moving house and had just sold almost all of our furniture on OLX .
The floor was very dirty and I could not even go out because all the people who wanted to buy our furniture were standing near our door .
My mother said that it would be rude to go out at that time .
I was so annoyed that I closed my eyes and wished for a chair ...
When I opened my eyes , I saw a beautiful chair with orange and green stripes .
It had four red wooden legs and it looked very comfortable indeed .
I immediately sat down and began to feel relaxed .
Suddenly , the chair jerked up and went straight out of the window while I was still sitting on it .
It swerved , beautifully avoiding a tree , and landed on the ground as softly as a butterfly .
Then I realized that the chair had wheels along with a ' nitro & teleport ' button on the armrest .
I might have pressed the nitro button by mistake when I sat down .
I pressed teleport and said , " Botanical garden " .
It actually took me there !
I had a great time taking a stroll there while people watched me with their eyebrows raised .
I wanted to explore more about the chair but I knew that I should go home by them .
So I pressed teleport and said , " Home " .
That 's where it took me .
As soon as I reached there the chair disappeared and I landed on the floor with a thump !
My mother came and said , " Get up !
The floor is so dirty " and she went .
I guess it is back to normal now so I will have to get up again .
I leaned against the wall and thought about my adventure .
Today we had a class discussion about taking one year off between leaving school and starting university .
Different thoughts came up , but my personal opinion is that it could be a wonderful thing .
Taking a year off might help people who are uncertain about what to do next to make up their minds while trying new things and having new experiences that will be useful later in their lives .
It would certainly be counterproductive and a waste of time if the time is spent doing nothing and just passing the time as if it were a long vacation , but if it is used to have new experiences , a year off can change the future of a person .
It can be a great opportunity to travel , meet new cultures and people , or it can be a chance to work to save up money to be able to afford the cost of the university a person planned on attending .
Or maybe , during the year off , somebody could also decide that they do n't want to continue their studies , because they have already found what they want to do or be .
Personally , I would love to take one year off , and I think I would spend it travelling around Europe .
Sales promotion , which is the set of marketing activities undertaken to boost sales of a product or service , has become a vital tool for marketing and its importance has been increasing significantly over the years .
In spite of some controversies , sales promotion has already demonstrated a massive positive impact on both sellers and buyers .
The aim of this presentation will be to analyse the aims and approaches of sales promotion as well as to evaluate both the benefits and the drawbacks sales promotions provide .
For this purpose , the presentation will be divided into four sections .
The first section will show the definition of sales promotion as an introduction .
The second part will provide the aim of sales promotion as well as the analysis of some key sales promotion techniques in detail .
Then the presentation will focus on a specific case study------the utilization of Flybuys loyalty reward program .
Finally , there will be an evaluation of its advantages and disadvantages as well as the present situation .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
I am writing in order to apply for the position of volunteer in a summer camp in the USA as written in the advertisement .
I am currently taking exams for my English degree at the Ukraine National University .
Also , I am able to work with children as I used to be a tutor in a sports summer camp .
What is more , I am quite good at sports , especially at football , basketball and tennis .
I consider myself to be a cheerful , energetic and hardworking person .
They say that I am able to work under pressure .
I am enclosing my CV .
I would be grateful if you could tell me what sports and evening activities I would have to organise .
In addition , could you tell me what job in the kitchens I should do ?
Please be informed that I am available for an interview at your convenience , so do not hesitate to contact me .
I am looking forward to hearing from you .
Yours faithfully ,
Daniel Q.
Dear reader ;
My name is Ivan Longo , I 'm 19 years old and I was born at Val d'Isere , Italy , but last year I moved to Barcelona , in Spain .
I 'm the oldest of 4 sons .
I 'm studying a degree in Biotechnology at IQS , here in Barcelona .
In my free time I like to meet with my friends , go skiing , listen to some music and watch films and series .
This summer I would like to come to one of your camps in the USA .
Why should you contact me ?
I 'm a very extroverted guy , with experience taking care of children , as I 've been working as a skiing trainer for 2 years now . This winter will be the third .
I know how to treat children and how to make them have fun , something that would help me to organise activities and events for them .
I 'm also very self - confident and independent , as I live alone , which has made me a very good cook .
All of these abilities make me think I 'm the perfect man for your job .
Hope to hear from you soon ,
Ivan
With any new course , there are certain expectations one will have .
At the beginning of this course , as a first year postgraduate student , I was ambitious to create a new mechanical product or at least part of it at the end of this course by applying knowledge and skills that are provided throughout the course .
Eight months working in the industry as an assistant mechanical design engineer gave me the very basic concept of mechanical design .
Before taking part in this course , my concept of mechanical design was about applying either self knowledge or working as a part of a team to design mechanical products that are easy to manufacture , durable and financially reliable .
My thoughts about mechanical design matched somewhat with the information that was provided in the first three weeks .
By attending the first three lectures , I soon realized that my general concept of mechanical design is quite simple as my thoughts about mechanical design are purely just creating new products .
I recognized that mechanical design is not just about creating mechanical products .
It can be seen in many aspects , ranging from producing a maintenance process , improving performance for a specific part of the mechanical system , to creating the whole new product .
This is because , despite having experience in industrial design , I never took part in the design process from the initial stage .
Therefore , my knowledge of mechanical design is rather limited .
Being placed in a project team working for Sydney Water on producing a maintenance excellent standard , I started to read the course outline and lecture notes more carefully to find out where to start and what I should do to deliver a good outcome .
The first thing I noticed was the importance of clarifying all the requirements with the clients .
This was demonstrated during the project Introductions session as well as the lecture notes , client interview task and client feedback ( which is worth 25 points in the total mark ) .
As soon as I met my group , I discovered how far behind I am in terms of using English to demonstrate the ideas and attract the attention of other group members .
However , this is also an opportunity to meet up and work every week with people for whom English is their first language , to improve my oral communication skills and persuasion .
Because in order to deliver a successful industry project , I not only have to make a good product , but also have to be good at introducing my idea and persuading customers .
The final consideration is the self - calibration , which also is a point that I have never considered before in a design process .
This is such an essential activity that allows me to gauge my performance , keep pace with the group and not to be left behind .
To sum up , at the end of week three , my expectations for this course are to be able to apply my reflective thinking in any further design process , to be able to deliver a persuasive technical presentation , and to be effective in verbal communication skills and presentation skills .
Last but not least , I hope I can learn to work effectively under any circumstances as a team member or a team leader by the end of this course .
1 ) What are your educational qualifications ( ex .
Bachelor Degree in Marketing and Communication )
Response : My educational qualifications are Bachelor of Accounting , and I have a Master 's degree in Business Administration ( MBA Executive ) .
2 ) How many years of experience do you have in Accounting ?
Response : I 've been in auditing and accounting since I finished my studies in college , more than 13 years ago .
3 ) How many years of experience do you have in Controlling / Finance ?
Response : From all my experience , I have specifically more than 2 years of experience as consolidation controller in a Spanish multinational company and the rest of my experience as auditor , shared between Venezuela and Spain .
4 ) Do you have experience in international business ?
Have you worked for international companies ?
Response : Yes , I have experience in international business and I have worked for international companies , in both Spain and Venezuela .
5 ) How would you describe your English knowledge level on a scale from 1 to 5 ( 1 - basic ; 5 - excellent ) ?
Response : On a scale from 1 to 5 , my English level is 4 .
6 ) How would you describe your Excel knowledge level on a scale from 1 to 5 ( 1 - basic ; 5 - excellent ) ?
Response : On a scale from 1 to 5 , my Excel level is 4 .
7 ) What are your salary expectations ?
Response : I am seeking a salary in the € 40000 range , plus benefits .
8) Why are you interested in this position ?
Response : I 've read about how this company 's growth is on the rise and also how involved it is in the reduction the of cost of energy and how to harness the power of modern energy as the world moves further into the 21st century .
I am interested in this job because I hope to apply my experience in a positive way , which will undoubtedly prove my competence and enhance my abilities . I would be proud to work for a company with such a long history of leadership in the industry .
In today 's world , due to the great comfort of cars , public transport is likely to disappear .
Firstly , is it true that cars are the faster mode of transport .
After all , there are many people who ca n't afford a car .
In addition , the car is one of the means most used , not only for its speed , but also because the cost of public transport is increasing every year .
From my point of view , many people use cars owing to the awful quality of some buses , trains …
We should also consider the fact that , nowadays , life is so busy that we ca n't waste our time taking public transport .
However , cars can cause some problems like traffic jams and accidents that could be avoided by using public transport .
To conclude , it seems to me that it is fine to use cars sometimes , but if the quality of public transport was better , the amount of pollution and accidents would decrease .
In recent years , many regions of the world have faced an issue with water scarcity that may affect their development , especially for those countries suffering from poverty .
Due to the increasing population of the world , countries are likely to need more fresh water to irrigate crops to satisfy their population .
Therefore , water scarcity may pose a threat to people 's living standards .
This essay will analyse the problem of water scarcity in Australia and recommend some viable solutions .
It will examine responses including the recycling of water , the development of technology for purifying ocean water and multinational sharing of water resources .
Recycling waste water is an effective method to solve the water scarcity problem .
This is because there is a huge level of water use in people 's daily lives , they just need to be collected to filter waste parts .
However , the use of recycled water for daily routines is less common , because many people are repelled by the thought of water that comes from our toilets or drains .
For example , the recycled water can be utilized to water plants in a garden , but if it is clear enough , residents only need to heat it to wash dishes or even drink it .
Thus , states should make it possible to purify waste water to a satisfactory safety level .
In addition , developing the latest technology in purifying ocean water can be regarded as a viable alleviation strategy .
As is well known , about 70 per cent of the earth 's surface is covered by ocean water , so every region surrounded by ocean , like Australia , makes the most of the ocean water resource to release the pressure of fresh water needs .
Although , governments are likely to face economic stress initially , which means they have to invest more money in upgrading technology instead of other fields such as education , infrastructure and medical care , this strategy could affect inhabitants ' physical health and promote their standard of living .
Sharing different water resources with neighbouring countries can be another strategy which can help to alleviate the problem of water scarcity .
Countries with abundant resources can give assistance to nations with water scarcity .
In this way , drought regions will obtain enough time and technical aid to overcome water problems .
Although over - shared water resources could lead to violence and even international tension , few countries have suffered these problems .
In conclusion , water shortage has presented a challenge to individual lives and the global environment .
This essay has discussed three alleviation strategies with the potential to resolve the problem of water scarcity , including the use of recycled water and ocean water and international aid .
While these approaches are likely to solve the problem partially , they might have a positive impact on water shortage in the long term .
YOUR FAVOURITE SPORT !
You may not have ever thought about it , but you ///would///could///might/// be able to jump from a plane if you wanted .
If you ask me why I enjoy my favourite sport so much , I would n't hesitate to answer .
Skydiving is great !
First of all , the best thing about skydiving is the excitement and the rush of adrenalin .
Additionally , you imagine just the moment before the jump .
When you are sitting in the plane next to your instructor , with your legs hanging and your arms crossed … It makes an indescribable impression on you .
Finally , you are around 4000 meters high and after 60 seconds of free fall at 200 km / hour , your parachute is opened and you are flying about 5 minutes until you land on the ground .
As you can imagine , there is some advice that you should follow if you want to take it up .
I 'm sure you will agree that it could be one of your best experiences if you pay attention to your instructor all the time .
Plus , you should wear a sweater or jacket to avoid being cold because you are flying in the sky , above the clouds .
And obviously , you should n't be afraid of heights to enjoy skydiving fully .
I ca n't describe it , you have to do it !
Nowadays we watch the perfection of actors all over the world .
The range of techniques they use to strike the audience is colossal .
Facial expression is said to be more important for film actors , whereas body language and voice intonation are paid more attention to in stage acting .
Besides , camera work , props and special effects deserve to be called silver screen features , while stage acting requires actors to convey their play through body movements and energy .
It is evident that those types of acting are different and the actors should adapt to the conditions they work in in one way or another .
But let 's take a closer look at what performance capabilities they have and might use while acting .
The stage actor is armed with props , costumes and light like the film actor .
The only preponderance of film acting versus stage acting is in camera / editing work and special effects .
But those are justified by the presence effect stage actors might render active in comparison to film actors .
So , I would say those types of acting are equal in terms of external factors .
Regarding acting techniques , stage actors do use their body language as much as film actors .
The only thing that differs is that the film actor has several takes as opposed to the stage actor who has to play perfectly at one dash .
And controlling your voice is also important for film actors , in spite of having the support of audio operators , they still have to deal with the same problems as stage actors , that is keeping your vocal expressions in compliance with the acting , resonate moving , communicate the emotions and feelings of their character .
The key point is that the whole range of techniques makes these acting performances perfect .
I would say , it does n't matter whether you are performing on the stage or in front of the camera , you should use your facial expression , body language , intonation and timbre of voice as if you 're acting your main character , embody all their traits and features appropriately to the situation .
In other words , no matter what kind of performance it is , the only thing that matters is using all your abilities to model yourself on your hero , get the feel of their role .
I live in Moscow , the capital of the Russian Federation .
There are different types of public transport that people use in major cities in my country , including Moscow : bus , train , tram and metro .
Furthermore , people actively use private transport such as cars , motorbikes , scooters and bicycles .
Tourists can encounter difficulties such as a traffic jam .
Sometimes it is very difficult to come home in the rush hour because of traffic jams .
Banning cars from the centre of the city solves all these problems .
There are some disadvantages to banning cars .
For example , it is difficult for some people , including the aged and invalids , to use public transport .
I suppose that banning cars from the centres would be a big problem for them .
This idea also would be unpopular because it limits freedom of choice .
Some people believe that cars should be banned from the centres of all major cities but I am against this idea .
In my view , the best solution to all problems would be the limiting of private transport in the centre , but not absolute banning .
Recently I read two articles , they were called ' predicting dyslexia - even before children learn to read ( Zimmerman , 2014 ) ' and ' Innovative ' Intervention helps babies at high risk of autism ( Geggel & Writer , 2015 ) ' .
However the first article was more motivating to read , because the author substantiated important suggestions .
All I can say about the second article is that it has rarely proof of the intervention .
Firstly , the article ' predicting dyslexia - even before children learn to read ' shows new research , in which it 's possible to pick up some of the signs of dyslexia in the brain even before kids learn how to read .
In addition , using this identification may help parents , educators and clinicians to tackle the learning disorder .
Most importantly , this early intervention can help many kids with dyslexia to overcome their educational failure .
Secondly , the article ' ' Innovative ' Intervention Helps Babies at High Risk of Autism ' is based on video - therapy which improves the interaction between parents and autism - related babies in a way that would help develop the children 's communication abilities and social engagement .
In my opinion , the findings need to be replicated in larger studies before other people turn to video - based therapy as a potential treatment .
What I can tell from this text is that the research is an innovative idea , but needs more attention to improve their success .
All in all , if you want to read about effective research with very strong proposals , I recommend reading ' predicting dyslexia - even before children learn to read ' .
It had been a very long and tiring day , but Tom felt he had achieved something really good .
Tom had joined a volunteering team at St. Michael 's Hospital and this was his first day .
He was assigned to a task in the rehabilitation center .
He would deal with temporarily disabled people who came for a rehabilitation session every other day .
Tom 's role was to conduct a focus group once per week to explore the people 's experience and perception of their illness and the service given to them at the rehabilitation center .
The ultimate aim was to get feedback for service - improvement purposes .
Tom had prepared a set of questions to ask .
He started with a group of six who signed a consent to participate in the focus group .
He helped them after they finished their session and took them to the meeting room .
He then introduced himself and made a clear statement about the objective of the focus group and assured them that their identity would not be revealed .
He started with some jokes so that they would feel at ease and disclose their experiences .
In the afternoon , he analyzed the content and wrote a report with some recommendations for achieving patients ' satisfaction .
He felt he had done a great job trying to serve the disabled patients .
Brands - pay more for better quality ?
We all know the situation , when we are in the supermarket standing in front of two products which are the same , but one of them costs much more than the other .
Here we have branded products and no - name products .
Now the question is , whether it is really justified that branded products are much more expensive than no - name products .
Most people associate branded products automatically with higher quality or better taste , while they think no - name products are just cheap and without any quality and poor taste .
In surveys , it was asked if consumers would rather buy branded products or no - name products .
Most of the consumers said they would buy branded products .
When they were asked why , they answered with " because it tastes better " .
After that , the consumers did a blind taste test .
The product without a brand tasted better to nearly everybody .
As a result , we can say it is not always justified that branded products are more expensive than other comparable ones .
Only the brand and the good marketing make it that expensive , not better quality or better taste .
The effect of the media on people is clearly noticeable here .
A product which everybody is talking about and which is advertised a lot is automatically considered to be good .
It is like " Everybody has it . I need it too ! "
In some cases , it may be true that branded products are better than no - names . For example technology products , but products like Red Bull or others like that , are definitely not always better .
Brand and good quality are not always the same .
Here it is said , try and find out which is really the better one and do not trust advertisements .
My wife and I got a nasty surprise when we were checking in at Vigo airport yesterday with our baby Pedro .
We had won three free plane tickets to Rome in a competition , and we had been looking forward to our trip for months .
But , unfortunately , we had forgotten to get a passport for our son , so Pedro could n't fly .
Luckily , we had arrived very early for our flight , so we still had time to do something about it .
We ran to the police station in the airport to apply for an emergency passport .
My wife went with Pedro to the photo machine while I was filling in the forms .
The passport was ready in an hour , so we hurried to the gate and got on the plane .
Hi !
First of all , I 'm really happy you accepted my invitation .
You do n't have to worry about getting to my house , because it 's really simple , and I 'm helping you make it even more simple by picking you up at the train station in my town .
You 'll need to take the underground from the airport to the central train station .
The underground is in the airport and it 's very easy to get to because you just have to follow the signs .
You have to take the trains going towards the centre of the town and when you are on the train , jump off at the stop called " Stazione Centrale " .
Once you 're in the train station , go to where they sell tickets and buy one for Viterbo .
Get the train and jump off at the " Viterbo " stop - I will be right outside of the station waiting for you !
In this period it 's mostly sunny and warm , but in the evening it gets a little cold and windy , so bring some jumpers or sweaters ...
I 'm looking forward to seeing you !
See you soon !
To do the same thing in the same place , people should do it in an organised manner .
That 's why I think that waiting in queues is essential in any place .
Otherwise , the place would turn into a mess , especially crowded places .
It may seem boring and time wasting to wait in queues , but it is n't .
Actually , it is time saving because everyone eventually does what he wants without wasting time pushing other people .
In addition , employees do n't get confused by receiving several requests at the same time .
That saves time because they receive each request only once and in an organised manner .
Also , that makes them do their jobs efficiently .
Also , some people would never do what they want without queues .
Old people and other weak people would n't be able to push and fight to get their turn .
That would make them feel disabled .
Being crowded in front of the employee makes people uncomfortable .
First , they would n't have privacy because there would be many people surrounding the one dealing with the employee .
In addition , everyone would feel rushed to finish what he is doing .
In conclusion , people will do what they want smoothly and politely if they wait patiently in queues .
Hello ,
I 'm Sara and I 'm a half Italian , half Spanish , seventeen - year - old girl with a really cheerful , energetic and hardworking personality .
I saw this advertisement on a website and I instantly thought it would be a really great experience for me to improve my English , but also a great way to show how responsible and caring I am .
I love children and it would n't be annoying for me to take care of a group of little monsters and organize sports and activities for them . Actually , I think I would really enjoy it and my day would end with a tired smile , but a very bright smile .
I 've never had any experience of this kind before , but I have a brother three years younger than me and a little cousin who 's seven years old with whom I usually play a lot when I do n't have to study .
And , since it 's a summer camp and I do n't have homework to do , I would put all of myself into this job .
I 'm constantly brainstorming to find everything that could be challenging for me and I usually try to follow what my mind brings up , so I think I could come up with nice ideas for those children .
I started cooking when I was fourteen years old , but I 'm better at baking , so I could help by preparing some sweets for children .
They would obviously be as healthy as possible and I would be really careful about those children who have allergies , and try to bake something that they can eat too .
I speak English quite fluently and I scored 95 points out of 100 at both KET and PET .
English has also been my favorite language since I was a child . I started studying it at the age of three with a really nice teacher named Helen and I have continued improving my English by watching American movies and TV shows during the past few years .
So , I hope to be a great candidate for this job and to get on board with you .
Best regards
This year could be my last year ... on Gotland :)
First , I started a new job . It did not turn out the way I hoped unfortunately .
My colleagues are nice but the management are terrible and recently I just stopped talking to them .
Perhaps it is not their fault that this entire operation is so dysfunctional .
Maybe they are , like myself , a bit in over their heads .
But the whole experience brought a positive surprise : working at the same school as Nora does is actually pretty nice .
While we might talk about our jobs a bit too much , I do n't think it is uncomfortable to work side by side .
Anyhow . I finally connected with some people .
I met some roleplayers at Wiscon and also some live roleplayers through Geek Network . Of these , the live roleplay looks promising .
It is a steampunk story and I am supposed to be part of a secret society that is trying to stop an evil cult .
It will be awesome !
Lastly , I hope next year will bring some stability .
While I do not wish to continue to work and live like this , I am not sure I want to move again .
Moving is always upsetting and there is a period of adjustment that is very stressful .
And a new workplace is difficult to adjust to and there is no promise that it will be better than the last .
But I ca n't imagine it can be as bad or worse than my current job .
A thing I would miss is the connections I started forging with other people .
If I move again , I know it will take another year to get to know other people at least .
Chances are that I wo n't meet any other people because Visby at least has a few nerds that you can hook up with .
I am not sure Vastervik has that kind of people .
So in conclusion I would like to say : the future is unknown .
May I not live in interesting times .
Michael had always been a good boy : responsible , quiet , always on time and always the top of his class .
But recently he had started to think that it was time to change .
The summer that year had been exceptionally warm , and Michael had found himself wondering if there were better ways to spend it than preparing for his University entrance test .
The truth was that he had n't rested since his graduation day and he was starting to feel tired , but he also knew that he could n't afford to fail .
He closed the window so as not to hear the laughs and yells of his friends , playing soccer in the field in front of his house : " I never liked soccer , anyway " he kept telling himself , but the more he tried , the harder it got to focus on his book .
He felt like a character in a cartoon , with an angel on one shoulder and a devil on the other , giving him opposite pieces of advice , and exactly like such a character , he did n't know who to listen to .
Suddenly , the doorbell rang , distracting him from his inner struggles , and he heard his Mother opening the door .
" Michael " she called " your friend Tom is here looking for you , could you please come down ? "
He stood up , hesitating for a few seconds , then glanced at his book once again and finally went out of his room and said " Please Mom , tell him I ca n't go out , I have to study . "
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
By a broad definition , teachers are the people who teach you .
For many people , parents are teachers in our life .
However , are parents the best teachers in our life ?
Some people might agree with this statement , but I do not .
I think the best teacher is a person who has professional knowledge and good teaching skills .
In addition , the best teachers , by their teachings , are the people who we most agree with and appreciate .
Many parents may not satisfy all of these conditions .
First of all , for many parents to have professional knowledge or good teaching skills is very difficult .
Most parents have special skills , but these skills may not be suitable for their children .
Compared with professional teachers , they have specific teaching abilities .
If parents want to get these abilities , they need to spend extra time to learn them .
Most parents are not willing to do so because of limited time .
Good teaching skills are based on patience , training and passion .
However , not all parents have that kind of personality and most of them are confused or use the wrong ways to teach their children .
Parents undoubtedly play an important role in our life .
However , we may not be greatly influenced by their teachings , but by others ' teachings .
Because everyone has their own talents , values , and judgments , we learn more from those with whom we agree and who we appreciate and get significant influence from .
These people can be deemed as the best teachers in our life , even if these people , perhaps , are not our parents .
Although parents teach a lot of things in our life , because they do n't have professional training and we may not agree with them and learn more from them , I think parents are not the best teachers in our life .
PREPARING THE REVOLUTION IN FRANCE
If I could travel back in time , undoubtedly I 'd choose to take part in the French revolution .
The reason for my choice is simple and clear : the French revolution was the turning point in modern European history and , thanks to its achievements , people in the twenty - first century can enjoy civil rights such as freedom of speech , assembly , worship and , the most important one , freedom of thought .
It is difficult to think about Paris without its Eiffel tower ( it was built several years after the revolution ) , but I 'm sure it was a gorgeous city , as it is nowadays .
I imagine its streets crowded with workers and peasants that have been called to support the revolution .
They meet at midnight to listen to the speeches of the leaders .
They trust in them , and are willing to fight for the freedom , fraternity and solidarity they proclaim .
I also imagine aristocrats fleeing Paris at their earliest convenience , leaving all their expensive dresses and impressive houses unattended .
They are frightened by the social movement , and prefer to look for a safer shelter in the countryside .
But , if I could be there , I would n't waste my time walking down the streets or laughing at the ridiculous aristocrats .
I 'd try to meet the poor king Louis the sixteenth and his wife , Marie Antoinette .
I would do my best to make their imprisonment less hard and , above all , I 'd try to convince the Parliament not to sentence them to the death penalty .
Because no revolution is worth more than a human life .
To : eTsa3Ik.Vb0@hotmail.com
From : 6kDtyhs40lPuEC8Q3@web.de
Subject : Concert in London
Dear Mark ,
How are you ? I hope you 're doing well .
Thank you very much again for helping me get the tickets for the concert in London , but unfortunately I have bad news for you today .
I was so excited about going to London and seeing you again .
But only until yesterday ! My professor told us that our final exam on this course would be on July 5th .
As you know , I 'm not the best student and I 've already failed this exam twice , so there is only one more chance and I have to take it this semester .
Otherwise , I will be taken off the university register .
To be honest , I got really mad at him because I really wanted to go to London and I also already got tickets for my flight .
You do n't know how embarrassed I feel now , not only because you helped me to get the tickets ( and I can imagine how difficult it must have been ) , but also because you have already arranged everything to make my stay in London as comfortable and enjoyable as possible .
Do you maybe have a friend who you would like to go to the concert with since we ca n't go together ?
I would let you have the ticket so at least you have the chance to enjoy that event even if it is n't with me .
I 'm sure it will be lots of fun going there !
Otherwise , I could sell both tickets and we can have a look and see if we want to go to the same concert here in Germany .
The band is not so well known here and the ticket sale hasn't started yet .
Sorry again for all those circumstances !
Best wishes ,
Claudia
I have been proving my abilities by overcoming strong competition since I chose this career as a lawyer and researcher complying with my passion for persuasion and problem solving .
In 2002 , I was ranked 11th amongst 930 candidates competing for 40 places at the University Federal of Paraiba .
Throughout my undergraduate studies , my professional skills were recognized in internships at the Federal Court of Law and the most famous fiscal law office in the State .
During this period , I was the intern coordinator and I created a manual on the procedures employed by the entire court .
At the law office , I supervised the ISO 8003 procedures .
On the other hand , in recognition of my academic performance , I graduated with a Bachelor of Law with Great Honors in 2007 .
I was placed in the top 10 , with a GPA of 8.73 out of 10 .
My bachelor thesis , founded in Economic Law , was unanimously awarded by the jury with the maximum score of 10 .
This first success as a researcher contributed to my interest in global regulation of trade , that conduces me to this LLM and the international business transactions domain .
Since my law school graduation , many achievements encouraged my professional development .
First , upon graduation , I immediately joined a highly recognized firm , performing the double role of legal consultant and sub - manager when I was only 22 years old .
In the same year , I passed the strenuous Brazilian bar exam with a remarkable score of 9 out of 10 .
After almost 2 years working in complex litigation , I had acquired the maturity to pursue an international career to work on internal and cross - border contracts .
Therefore , in order to acquire the excellence demanded , I specialized in Economic Law on a master 's degree at the University Paris 1 Panthéon - Sorbonne in 2009 .
Following my LLM graduation with magna cum laude in the top five , I enrolled for a PhD in International Economic Law at the University Paris 9 Dauphine in 2010 .
Due to my interest in law and economics , I developed a multidisciplinary research project applying economic analysis in contemplation of illustrating the mutual influence of rules and economic transactions on the legal certainty of transnational transactions .
I profoundly grasp the theoretical ascertainment for this career , which is that international trade requires rational economic decisions with legally binding consequences .
Thereby , new regulatory sources are created in response to the globalized legal context .
In conclusion , as an international legal professional , I must be prepared for alternative methods of dispute resolution regarding cross - border transactions , given the increasing requirement to look beyond domestic law to find appropriate solutions .
Furthermore , I already profoundly understand the importance of linguistics in the international sphere due to my experience as a foreign lawyer and as a teacher .
Henceforth , I aim to consolidate my career by mastering the legal responses to the developments shaping international trade today .
The LLM in International Business Regulation , Litigation and Arbitration at New York University is irrefutably the postgraduate program that I need to ensure the outcome desired .
Man has evolved over the years , from the invention of the wheel , to space craft expeditions .
Our species has achieved great things , but despite all the great discoveries , there is still one problem we have not been able to solve , a problem that has been haunting us since time immemorial : racism .
In the 19th century , slavery had been eradicated from America , but soon another problem grew up and took its place .
The movie " The Color Purple " displays a variety of situations for Afro - American people who suffered because of their skin color . This is known as racism , which can be defined as the prejudice or discrimination of one race against another .
In this period of time , the Caucasian race felt superior to the Afro - Americans . They had the power and they were in charge of the political and economic activity , while the Afro- Americans did the hard work ; as shown in the movie , most of the men were in charge of the crops .
They did not have a chance to receive any kind of education at all . It was absolutely forbidden , and that is why they could not aspire to more important jobs .
Afro - Americans were completely segregated . Caucasians found it impossible to live among them , and that is the main reason why each race had their own church and their houses were separated too .
Afro - Americans were afraid of raising their voices to express their opposition to the oppression they were suffering , and fighting to obtain equality was not an option because any sign of rebellion was cruelly punished .
Moreover , women in the Afro - American society were threatened in the most denigrating ways ; men were the undisputed authority in the house .
Women were in charge of the household chores , some of them could get a job as a servant of a Caucasian family .
It makes me feel sad to realize that racism is still a problem from which society suffers . I wonder , why do we have the need to feel superior to other people ?
We are all equal in God 's eyes , and I believe we all have the same right to live a peaceful life based on mutual respect .
It had been a long and rainy day . Tom had been working all day and was very tired and hungry .
He decided to go and have dinner at a restaurant which was very near his office .
He put his raincoat on , took his umbrella and headed to the street .
He walked briskly to the restaurant , and tried to be as happy as he could .
The restaurant was almost full .
As usual , he decided to sit at the bar and order some fish and chips .
The waiter , Anthony , knew him and they talked to each other about how their day had been , while he served him the usual beer .
Tom had a first drink and looked around the place .
He suddenly recognized someone , Molly .
Surprised , he thought he had n't seen her for a long time .
Tom and Molly were classmates at secondary school .
She seemed to be having a drink with a friend at the bar .
She was calling the waiter , and unexpectedly saw Tom sitting at a table alone .
They both smiled at each other , and Tom went over to her to say hello .
It was an exciting encounter , and they were both very happy to see each other again .
As they talked they came to realize that they had been working in offices which were very near for almost a year .
They felt really happy together , and Molly asked Tom for a date .
It had been a very long and tiring day , but Tom felt he had achieved something really good .
Public transport is more useful and better than travelling by car .
Many people would disagree , but our future depends on public transport .
First of all , our environment is polluted and if we are determined to save it , we should definitely stop using cars .
Since cars produce exhaust fumes which slowly destroy our planet , we should start using public transport more often .
Although there are many other polluters , such as big industries , people should start with the easiest solutions .
Although many countries do not offer a good public transport service , once people get rid of cars , there will be more money for improvements .
For instance , Copenhagen and Vienna are good examples of this .
It seems like cars are losing the battle in this case , because these cities propagate the idea that riding bicycles can lead to a better future .
As more money is being invested in the infrastructure , people tend to use more bikes and public transport .
Unfortunately , not many people are prepared to renounce all the advantages a car provides .
For example , it is claimed that it is more convenient to travel by car than by bus because you can take breaks whenever you want to and they are more spacious .
Moreover , it is faster to travel by car than by any other public transport - planes are an exception to this rule .
In conclusion , I think that public transport should win this battle .
It is a fight for a better and healthier future .
The aforementioned representative examples of Vienna and Copenhagen prove how easy it can be to remove cars from our lives , and I believe that more cities should follow their examples .
Dear colleague
About the task that you asked me to do . Unfortunately , I do n't have enough knowledge of LIMS yet .
I am just beginning to understand the way things are done here .
I understand that the new programme has some specific requisites related to preservation of analysed samples .
Nevertheless , all the information that I send to you is based on the information that my colleagues from the wet chemistry laboratory and from the microbiology laboratory gave to me .
Of course , if you have any suggestions please tell me .
I will pass them on to them and we will discuss them .
Suppose we have a stock failure resulting from an increasing demand for a particular analysis .
Our international supplier wo n't be able to deliver the reagents or other goods on time .
But we have a local supplier that could do it .
Can we negotiate with them ?
What kind of deal can we do with local suppliers ?
I think it is important to have a local supplier that can help us in particular situations like a stock failure .
International suppliers take at least a week to deliver an order .
Thank you for this conversation .
See you in a few days .
It was a cold winter night and the moon was fighting the clouds for freedom , much like any of us fighting through our life and its obstacles .
Michael , however , made a living from his fights . At a young age , Michael was attacked and mugged in the street , so he started taking martial arts lessons lest he be attacked again .
With his shaking hands he popped the box of pills he was holding the whole time he was walking , walking towards his home , the place he always felt at ease in . "
The hell with it !
If the demolition crew camp in front of my place again tomorrow , I 'll just show them the form ...
" he said , taking a pill . "
But then again , what good is a useless piece of paper ? " he panicked , putting the box on the night stand . He did n't even understand the passing of time !
All was lost to dear Mike and he wandered the house anxiously .
Until he had calmed down enough to go feed his dog , his one best friend , the dog he and his fiancee bought before they broke up .
The labrador really took him back to his engagement ...
Before the death of his dearest Mona .
He was doing well , despite his sad life .
He fed on the frozen lasagna his mom had sent him a few days earlier .
He exercised and went for short jogs in between workouts .
His anxiety caught up with him every now and then , but the good doctor had prescribed him a good remedy !
Lost in his thoughts and unaware of what was going on around him , he heated the plastic bag filled with leftover food for Baxter .
Suddenly , Michael heard a thud from his upstairs bedroom , he called Baxter and took a bat with him upstairs .
Michael rushed to his bedroom with a fatal mixture of fear and adrenaline in his system , only to see his box of pills on the ground and the sound of muffled but heavy breathing coming from behind the door .
Michael closed the door , saw his dog gasping for air , and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
It is well accepted that when you become a famous person you lose your privacy .
But does this mean that the whole of your life becomes public ?
Whether you like it or not , right from the beginning , all you do becomes attractive to the mob : what you eat , where you go , who you date , your possible marriage , your holidays , etc .
I agree with the fact that as soon as their life is not private anymore , famous people have to face journalists with a smile they do not have .
I mean by this that , for sure , there are some days on which these famous people are in a bit of a mood , they have to visit the doctor , or they have to solve mishaps with lawyers , and they have to put up with those journalists following them to the door or waiting for them stationed in front of their houses .
In these cases , journalists themselves should realize that they are taking it too far and that they should respect them a bit more .
The map shows changes that have taken place in the town of Eastminster since 1999 .
During this period , the town has seen extensive growth in residential areas and local amenities , and the modernisation of leisure facilities .
Parks in the north - east and south - east have been reduced to make way for larger housing estates , the one in the north dramatically increasing accommodation in Eastminister .
As well as woodland in the north - west being remodelled into an adventure park , a hotel and golf course have replaced a historic house and gardens in the centre of the town .
South of the river , an industrial area has been constructed next to the existing railway , while residential streets have been converted into more modern apartment blocks .
With increasing housing has come a bigger hospital and more shopping facilities , the existing shops being built on the site of the old school , with a new school opening on the north bank of the river .
Thanks for sharing !
I really enjoyed reading your blog about shadowing students .
I like the way you gave examples of how you felt and how you would change your own lessons .
I live in the Netherlands and at our school it 's the same .
Our pupils have to sit for many hours a day , and they find it hard to sit still and to be silent .
I also think that a lesson went well if they did n't talk and did their work .
However , when I was reading your article I felt ashamed due to the fact that when every teacher teaches the way I do it is logical that our students ca n't be quiet and ca n't sit without making a movement .
Moreover , when we as teachers have a study day , I get tired myself from sitting all day .
Your key takeaway # 3 was shocking for me , the feeling of being a nuisance is dreadful .
In my opinion , I am very patient and willing to explain difficult topics over and over again .
I really hope my students feel the same , otherwise I have to change my attitude ! I get paid for being a teacher and ,
as I see it , it is my job to clarify things and help my pupils to understand .
Your experience gave me food for thought especially when you wrote that our pupils are sitting passively and listening for approximately 90 per cent of their classes .
I am going to look at my lessons again to see if I can change those lessons and try to make my pupils active .
I teach at Basisberoeps level and I have already started to use some activities where they must use an Ipad and make pictures or short films .
For example , my pupils had to learn the difference between this and that and I let them make a short film about pointing at things in school saying : this door , that window , this is my teacher , that is a chair .
However , I find it difficult to use activities every lesson because they are time - consuming .
Although the main reason that prevents me from using them is my colleagues .
I do n't see them doing activities , it looks as if they are just doing their lessons and want to use a book and that is it .
For instance , when I hear that another English teacher finished Unit 5 and I am still at Unit 4 , I feel incompetent .
It gives me the feeling that the most important part of teaching is doing all the exercises in the book and getting all the work done .
Maybe you understand this discrepancy between activating pupils and the pressure of the school board for the best test results .
In other words , how can we convince school board and colleagues that it is better for pupils to learn in an active way ?
Maybe the only one she 'll ever have .
She was walking around the city thinking about the job she just got .
Yes , she should accept this offer .
Everything was looking perfect and it was something she enjoyed doing before the accident took place .
Her mom would probably want her to start to live no matter what .
She felt butterflies in her stomach .
She slowly started to smile .
The sad music that was playing in her earphones made her feel even more confident .
She passed next to the bar where her boyfriend was getting high with some , unknown to her , boys .
She wanted to stop him .
She really did .
But then something went wrong and she just walked away .
As he did when she was hurt .
He made her feel bad , so why would she not do the same ?
He did n't realize that she was going to leave him for ever .
But it was okay .
He never deserved her .
She was a good person and he was an asshole .
She took the bus and went to the office .
The director was waiting for her .
And she was ready .
Ready to work .
Ready to live .
Michael knew he was fading away , ever consumed by a feeling of apathy .
He hardly knew who he was anymore .
The dark clouds in the sky , full of life , seemed to mock his weak desire to live .
He could hear thunder shouting with rage , a rage he wished he could feel again .
He stared at an object on the beside table , the object that could free him from this hellish existence .
Thinking about it relieved him , made him feel excited about the unknown , the unexpected , maybe all the questions ever asked , maybe , finally , they would be answered .
Could bliss be found in death ?
Had he seen it all ?
Was it the best thing life could offer ?
Its own end ?
A tear started running down his face as he looked at the clouds .
The door was wide open , inviting him to take the offer .
He leaned over and grabbed the object .
He placed a hook over the door , tied the object to it and , standing on a chair , put the object around his neck .
He looked at the clouds , they were still grey , and then for a moment , he saw a tiny fragment of a rainbow .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
The members of my family are my best friends
Family is any group of people closely related by blood .
This is an easy word to understand , but it hides more than the definition says .
Behind this word I see my brother , parents and grandparents and feel very warm feelings .
I think the most important things in the family are love and support .
All people need these things and the best givers are family members because they give unconditionally .
My family members all the time express their warm feelings with hugs , kisses and beautiful words .
For example , my parents hug me every day .
My mother makes me breakfast every morning and my brother brings me cookies when I am in a bad mood .
These small things give me a lot .
Also , they always support me , no matter what I do or think .
The second important thing is that I can always count on my family .
Ordinary friends can often say " no " or let me down , but my family never does that .
They are always ready to help me , they never let me down .
The third very important thing is trust .
My family knows most of my secrets , they know my worries and joys , they know what I think about things .
And I like to trust my thoughts and secrets to them , because I know that my family is loyal to me , and their mouths are closed .
To sum up , I can say that the members of my family are my best friends .
They fulfill all the functions that my friends have , and they fulfill them even better .
Nowadays , our environment is really affected by the great deal of progress that technology has made in the last century .
As a result , some sources of energy like nuclear power are used in our daily life .
But , is nuclear power good for us ?
Let 's begin by considering the arguments in favour .
Huge amounts of energy are generated by nuclear reactors .
Moreover , they only need a small quantity of fuel to be produced .
Fossil fuels are our most common energy source , even though they have a terrible effect on global warming on account of releasing gases into the atmosphere .
They wo n't last forever and this will increase the use of nuclear energy .
Just look at oil , nature takes millions of years to form it and we have almost used it up .
Let 's turn to the arguments against .
Nuclear power plants have a high risk of pollution in the event of an accident .
In addition , they produce nuclear waste , which is a major problem for the environment and public health .
All things considered , I believe that renewable energy will be the most common energy in the future as it does n't cause global warming although it is expensive to generate .
No , it is not rational because according to economic theory , you should spend your money on those goods which yield the maximum utility per dollar .
MUx / Px must equal MUy / Py .
If MUx / Px is less than MUy / Py , then it is the consumer 's duty to buy more of Y. If MUy / Py is less than MUx / Px , then the consumer must use more of X. If you work more , you can consume more , each additional unit yielding additional , marginal utility , so you continually increase the sum of your total utility .
Following the tradition of economic reasoning , more is better .
She may be right about that treadmill because there is a cycle in which consumption results from work which necessitates further consumption , but theory would indicate that this is a positive , self - perpetuating cycle , because increased consumption yields increased utility , therefore maximizing utility .
The book says that the rule to follow is to vary consumption until the marginal utility for every dollar for one thing that you are consuming is the same as the marginal utility for every dollar for another thing that you are consuming .
Ms. Luhr 's dissatisfaction with her current status in our society must come from her failure to vary her consumption of a variety of material goods .
For goods , the marginal utility may start to be less than it was before after a while , and then we are advised to switch our buying to other goods .
Ms. Luhr needs to find the goods which work for her .
Then she would n't be talking about the negative aspects of work because it is work which allows her to consume and maximize her utility .
Her utils are at their highest the more she consumes .
In my view , Ms. Luhr is succumbing to her emotions rather than her logic , because everyone knows that increased work yields increased wealth and increased utility , and this is the ultimate goal of a rational person who is acting selfishly , which is how economists think people act .
If Ms. Luhr were truly being selfish and self - interested , she would obtain greater satisfaction from greater consumption , but her statement is defying this tenet of rationality which is so important to economic reasoning .
She does n't want more .
She must be irrational .
To : whom it may concern
This reference is for Tom Black , who is applying for the position of social activities officer at your English Language College .
I have known Tom for more than 10 years in both personal and professional capacities .
With reference to his work experience , he worked for a multinational company for 5 years .
At that time , he was heading the Public Relations Division and he was in charge of a team of 6 people .
After that , he became the Director of the International Trade Center based in London and he was in charge of all relationships with international companies .
From a professional point of view , he has excellent communication and relationship skills .
Moreover , he is very well organised ; he is able to manage several difficult tasks at the same time , coordinating resources effectively .
He is a team player and has been appreciated not only by his team but also by all the people he has dealt with .
Furthermore , he is very friendly and gets on well with everyone .
He has very good knowledge of Spanish , improved by taking several Spanish courses and stays abroad .
For all the above reasons , I would highly recommend Tom Black for this position . I am sure he is the right person for your college .
He will be able to give you all the required support and to cooperate with all the members of staff .
Should you need further information , do not hesitate to call me .
Best regards ,
Dear Mr Beltonov ,
I am writing to apply for the position of PR manager at your company , as advertised on the website www.yarkiyshop.ru . My job would consist in helping your company to reinforce the brand as leader of industry and to promote it through advertising .
I believe I possess enough professional expertise to do the job successfully .
I am extremely interested in the prosperity of your company and the distribution of your goods all over the world .
As you will see from the enclosed CV , I hold a master 's degree in Project Management from The Russian Presidential Academy of National Economy and Public Administration .
Since then , I have undertaken further practical training in advertising and marketing communications at Moscow International Higher Business School ( MIRBIS ) .
In addition to my skills as a PR - manager , I have extensive experience of marketing and office management .
From 2008 to 2011 I was employed as a PR - manager at Limited Liability Company " Creatic "- agency on development of creative advertising .
This work entailed managing all processes and procedures to ensure quality output of all materials , campaigns , programs and quality brand representation through all web , digital and offline media .
I have 5 years of experience of managing , PR / marketing communications for leading brand named companies : " Barbie " , " The Children 's World " , " My Toys " . In these companies I was engaged in the advertising of toys .
I tried to understand which toys children liked most of all .
Relying on children 's tastes and interests , I untwisted the firm 's brand through advertising .
I took part in many international marketing products about how to create advertising correctly .
That is why I think I am an authority on toy advertising .
Prior to my work at " The Children 's World " company , I made toys by myself and sold them on the Internet .
As children liked soft toys , I sewed teddy bears .
Many people liked and bought my hand - made toys .
It taught me how to advertise your own product , to know more about children 's interests .
Moreover , I love children . That is because I am a kind and friendly person .
I am creative and convincing and I can easily communicate with other people .
In addition , in my free time I enjoy watching TV - programs , dancing , singing , skiing and travelling .
I am a native speaker of Russian and I am fluent in English as well as Russian .
Now I am studying German .
Speaking different languages helps me to communicate with people in any country without problems .
I am available for interview at any time in the next two weeks .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Yours sincerely ,
Laura Alexeyeva
Dear Mr. Smith ,
I saw the advertisement for your school in the magazine " Speak up ! " and I 'm writing to find out more details .
I work as an accountant in a company in Milan , but I would like to have more opportunities and I think improving my English is really important to be more competitive at work .
I 've been learning English for four years and my level is " upper intermediate " , but I think I lack confidence in speaking and I should be more natural .
I would be interested in attending a course for one month , possibly in August .
In this way , I would have the chance to spend my holidays in your enjoyable country and study at the same time .
I 'm a sociable person , so I would n't have any problem in a group , provided that there are n't any Italians , because during that period I would n't like to talk in my mother tongue at all !
I 'm keen on cultural activities such as theatre or cinema .
I 'm not a really athletic person , but sometimes I enjoy playing volleyball or running .
I thank you in advance and I 'm looking forward to reading your proposal .
Kind regards .
Roberta
Hans Feurer has been a mainstay of fashion photography since the late 1960s .
The peak of his career was in the early 80s , after the legendary Kenzo Takedo 's advertising campaign .
Feurer 's campaign for Kenzo was one of the most popular and it defined him as a successful photographer .
Hans Feurer was born in Switzerland in 1939 .
After studying art in Switzerland , he worked as a graphic designer , illustrator and artistic director in London .
Traces of his previous career are evident throughout his work in his careful compositions and precise styling .
In 1966 , Hans Feurer travelled to Africa , during which trip he decided to become a photographer .
He returned to London and began to compile a portfolio .
In 1967 , Feurer 's career went up like a rocket .
At the same time , he worked for the Pirelli calendar in 1974 he also featured shots that appeared in Elle , Vogue , Numero , etc .
More than 30 years ago , in the remote deserts of North America , Hans Feurer was given free to photograph Kenzo Takedo 's 1983 advertising campaign .
The career of a Somali - American fashion model , Iman , also began after this pioneering shoot .
These images became the subject of Feurer 's eponymous book , lavishly illustrated with 175 photographs , illustrating his five - decade - long career .
The book includes Feurer 's photographs for the 1974 Pirelli calendar , for Kodak and for fashion magazines such as Vogue Italia , Elle France and Nova .
Weight lifting involves the basic and most natural human movements .
Obviously , the weight is the resistance , which will help the individual to gain strength and mass .
Every time I go to the gym , I feel like I have to break my limitations and replace them with the feeling of success .
Success makes me keep going .
The best advice I can give for a newbie is to not go to the gym at all without knowledge .
Every wrongly executed rep will take you closer to an injury .
Take your time and make a plan .
Look up on the Internet how to do the exercises properly .
Eating healthy foods is the other part of that sport .
I prefer to call that a lifestyle .
The two competition lifts in order are the snatch and the clean and jerk .
Each weightlifter gets three attempts at each , and the combined total of the highest two successful lifts determines the overall result within a bodyweight category .
Bodyweight categories are different for women and men .
A lifter who fails to complete at least one successful snatch and one successful clean and jerk also fails to total , and therefore receives an " incomplete " entry for the competition .
The clean and press was once a competition lift , but was discontinued due to difficulties in judging proper form .
Dickens and the Bronte sisters wrote in very different ways .
Dickens 's style is full of sentimental realism : he describes reality with a sentimental tone and he mixes comedy and pathos .
Conversely , the Bronte sisters are influenced by the preceding Romantic works , and their novels contain Gothic elements such as ghosts and a dark ominous atmosphere .
If their themes are considered , it is immediately clear that Dickens builds an extraordinary image of Victorian society , with a wide range of characters and stories which reveal the conditions of children and the poor ; whereas the Brontes ' novels contain the Byronic hero , a male figure with a dark past who wants to find some revenge , in the case of Heatcliff in " Wuthering Heights " or forgiveness in the case of Mr Rochester in " Jane Eyre " .
In contrast with Dickens , the Bronte sisters deal with love and psychologically complex women as protagonists .
PROPOSED IMPROVEMENTS TO OUR ENGLISH COURSE
The aim of this report is to inform the committee about the wishes of the students who took part in the survey that was conducted last week in our school .
NEW FACILITIES
Generally speaking , our school is well equipped .
However , there are some shortcomings that could be fixed .
Firstly , there is a great demand among our students for a computer room with broadband Internet connection .
It is well known that this kind of facility helps students make the most of their time while learning English .
Secondly , we are in need of a conference room .
This will be useful to practise both speaking and listening skills .
Finally , it is also recommended to update the books in the library : most of them are quite old and outdated .
ACCOMMODATION
One surprising outcome from the survey was that students do not feel comfortable enough in the residential building .
Not only are the bedrooms rather small , but they are also quite cold , because of the lack of a heating system .
This is a great problem during the winter : almost every student has suffered from illnesses during that time of the year .
There are also numerous complaints with regards to the quality of the food offered in the canteen .
It would be advisable to change the catering service .
CONCLUSION
We would be grateful if any of these problems were solved by the committee .
In case you need further information regarding any of these issues , please contact us and I will be glad to respond to you as soon as possible .
Dear John
I 've read your letter and let me tell you that I 'm really sorry that things are not going well lately , especially because I know how much you enjoy sports and your music classes .
But let me tell you this , you 're an amazing person and I totally think that you can handle this and even more .
Maybe if you could just reduce the time you spend on each of your activities , it could work out and you would n't need to drop any of them .
Organization is the key .
However , if you are still very stressed , then you should drop one of them . I certainly do n't know which one you should drop . I think I would drop the music lessons , because sports are good for your physical and mental health , and also help you to keep fit and it 's more interesting for me ; but maybe a list with the pros and cons of sports and music lessons can help you .
Start by asking yourself which one you like the most ?
Which one do you enjoy more ?
You should totally do the list and then when you finish it , you can send it back to me , and we can discuss it .
You know I 'm always here to support you and your decisions .
But tell me , what else has been going on with you ?
How 's school going ?
You did n't mention anything about your best mate this time , and you two guys always have a lot of stories to tell .
I hope you can talk about it in your next letter , I really have a blast with your stories .
Oh , and please give your mother a huge hug from me .
Yours sincerely
Dana
Environmental problems today are more worrisome , if we do not do something for our planet , in a few years we will suffer the consequences .
No time to speculate , it is time to act and implement all these measures we know .
Enough talk , it is time to make a decision : do we want a better world , or , do we want to see it destroyed in a few years .
We still have time .
Simple things like recycling garbage , walking short distances instead of using cars , not throwing garbage on the streets or into the oceans , can mean a considerable change , because if we add the small efforts of each of us , the results will be translated into millions of people .
I recommend implementing a campaign called " No more blah blah blah , it 's time to save the world " , we may not have superpowers and not be " Superman , Ironman , Captain America , Batman , etc . " and we ca n't save the planet from intergalactic threat , but unlike them , all together , we can save the planet from an even greater threat : its total destruction due to pollution and environmental problems that we ourselves have caused .
Just as we have the courage to cause problems , we have to have the courage to do something to fix them . Let us become that superhero that changed the world and made a change for future generations to have a healthy environment to live in .
Just think about your future and your family , and when you see rubbish lying in the street , remember that you can become the superhero that will someday be satisfied because he did something to save the planet .
It 's time to bring out the superhero we have inside ; good luck !
Introduction
The purpose of this report is to suggest ways which will contribute to increasing the number of foreign learners in the school and to make recommendations for future improvements .
Town 's entertainment
Although my town is not an enormous industrial center , people are fascinated by the leisure activities provided here .
The variety of cafes and clubs would appeal to a great number of foreigners owing to the fast service and the proper attitude to clients .
They would also enjoy our museums and galleries , which can bring them closer to our history and traditions .
New teaching approaches
More students would be attracted if the school governors made some changes to the learning system .
I recommend that a more common teaching method should be one - to - one lessons , namely teacher with only one student , as that will contribute to increasing the range of their knowledge and will also be beneficial for students who need more help in a particular subject .
Array of facilities
Dissatisfaction with the school equipment is occasionally expressed by the students .
Therefore , it is necessary to provide new facilities in the classrooms .
Computer - based learning would be a great idea to attract more foreign students because that will maximize their technological capabilities , so that more work will be implemented .
Improvements to socialising opportunities
The school governors should offer more extra - curricular activities , including organising excursions in the local area and giving students a chance to choose the school course which appeals to them the most .
Recommendations
I would recommend implementing all the suggestions listed above because these improvements will increase the number of foreign students , making their accommodation in the town more pleasant .
Hi Katie ,
Thanks for writing !
It was lovely to hear from you .
How are you doing ?
I hope you are well .
You asked me for advice and I think I can help you .
Firstly , how much money would you like to spend ?
I know plenty of amazing English courses but they all have different prices .
Have you thought about learning English on the internet ?
It might be a great idea because most of them are free .
I 've seen a couple of advertisements for English courses in our town , but they do n't seem very useful .
They might not be a good idea .
However , if you want to have a look at them , they are put up in the supermarket .
I 've got a cousin who works as an English teacher and she has an academy right next to the city hall .
She gives classes from 8 o ' clock in the morning until 7 o ' clock in the evening .
You can choose the time and the days you would like to go and she has fantastic offers if you do not want to spend a huge amount of money .
I leave you her mobile number in case you need it : 681234567 .
Write and tell me how you are getting on .
Hope to hear from you soon ,
Reyes
However much Roman law , Mosaic law , and rabbinical law impacted the lives of Jews living in first - century Israel , many people who followed the religion of Israel lived outside of Palestine and beyond the borders of the Roman Empire .
Thus , many of these laws would not have played a big role in their lives .
At the same time , however , anyone professing to be a follower of the God of Israel would have adhered to the Ten Commandments .
The Ten Commandments provide Israel with the moral framework for maintaining it .
The metaphor the Bible uses to express this relationship is covenant .
While the metaphor comes from the sphere of international law , it is wrong to understand the commandments merely as a summary of Israel 's obligations towards God . . .
.
Isreal 's obedience to commandments was not a matter of submission to the divine will as much as it was a response to love .
I always go to have a pizza at a restaurant near my house . "
La Terrazza " is the classic Neapolitan restaurant that makes pizza and all the Neapolitan specialties , and all the types of fried ? .
It uses only fresh ingredients from Naples that are brought there every day .
The pizza has a really soft base , a lot of tomato sauce and fresh leaves of basil .
The place is reminiscent of the atmosphere of the little alleyways of Naples , with pictures of the most famous Neapolitan people on the wall .
You can sit there and wait for your pizza while watching the football match or take your pizza home .
The owner , Patrizio , is really nice and you can often find him in the restaurant talking to some guest .
I think it could be suitable for my class because it has two rooms and one of them is always used for big groups of people , like us . The service is really fast and in front of the restaurant there 's a beautiful square where we can have a drink while watching the typical Neapolitan evening .
Obviously , everyone loves pizza , so it 's the perfect place .
Some experts say that public transportation is a crucial part of the solution to the developed nations ' economic , energy , and environmental challenges , helping to bring a better quality of life .
In increasing numbers , people are using public transportation and local communities are expanding public transport services .
Every segment of society - individuals , families , communities , and businesses - benefits from public transportation .
But , in fact , the car provides much better mobility , both in the big cities and in the countryside .
Many of us live in a hurry .
Our daily life is thoroughly planned , from morning to night .
We must keep doing our day - to - day tasks at work and at home , and , at the same time , maintain our social life and entertainment activities .
Modern life orders our days and weeks in a packed schedule of activities : job , children , housework , fun , free time ...
We have to go quickly from one place to another , just to be in time to fulfil our next task or activity .
It 's because of that we need to improve our mobility and private transport , such as a car , allows us to achieve our goals more efficiently .
Public transport has its advantages : we can say that a lower cost , less pollution and more free time and rest for doing anything else during the trip could be public transport 's main positive points .
But , on the other hand , travelling by car gives us more comfort and saves time , and it offers a wider range of choices of departure points and routes .
Every day , science and industry are developing new materials , technologies and clean energy sources .
As industrial and technological development progresses , public transport will lose passengers and the use of private cars will spread everywhere around the world .
Lost for Words ?
Have you been studying English for years , but still ca n't say a word ?
Do you suddenly lose confidence when you have to speak to someone ?
I had the same problems , but I 've managed to find some ways to overcome them .
First of all , adopting a positive attitude is essential .
You should never be afraid of making a mistake or worry that people will laugh at you .
Only then can you really start to speak .
Most people listen for the meaning of what you are trying to say , and do not notice your mistakes .
Secondly , you should try to get as much speaking practice as possible .
In class , answer as many questions as possible , and try to participate in class discussions .
When you are on holiday , try to make contact with other English speakers , and who knows ?
You might make some good friends in this way .
My problem has always been vocabulary .
I find watching TV programmes in English and reading increase my exposure to new words , and help me recycle words I know in new contexts .
I hope that you will find my suggestions useful .
Do n't waste any more time !
Get speaking English now !
This is a very common argument : true genius stands out so much that it can not be misunderstood , so if he is not recognized , then he is not a genius .
But this is faulty reasoning : it accepts the idea that a genius is always recognized on the basis that , in history , geniuses have always been recognized - which is not true , or at least , is not demonstrable .
They take for granted that , historically , geniuses have always been recognized , but in reality they are only talking about geniuses that , in fact , have been recognized .
They know nothing of those who have not been recognized and that may have been completely erased from history , and therefore , can not be used as an opposite example .
To sum up , because the geniuses that we have decided to recognize as such have been recognized , they argue that all the geniuses are always recognized : pure self - referential nonsense .
In the 19th century , for some , such as Cesare Lombroso , genius resembles mental illness .
For Lombroso , exceptional people are independent , away from the banality of life , isolated , impatient , asocial , often considered crazy .
The time at university is the most important time in our lives , because we learn a lot of things and it prepares us for our future career .
Some may think that it is better to have classes with discussion between professor and student . Others may disagree .
They prefer classes with lectures and almost no discussion .
In my opinion , classes with discussion are better .
First , classes with discussion between professor and student have an advantage for the students because they learn how to interact with their fellow students .
Doubtless , such interactions with other people will help you to broaden your mind and learn new things .
This will enrich your personality .
For instance , a year back , I was at North Texas university in the USA . There was a health management and policy class with almost no lectures but with a lot of time for open discussions .
In the beginning , I thought this was a disadvantage but this was not true .
On one day , we spoke about medical treatment costs in different countries and one of my friends , Wole , was from Nigeria .
Consequently , he was able to tell us how the cost of treatment is less , how doctors are dedicated , and how everybody has access to primary health care .
As a result , we all know what needs to be done so that we can make little changes in the reform to reduce the cost of treatment .
As you can see , open discussion in class is really important since it broadens your horizon and helps you to understand different nation s ' policies .
Second , open discussion in class helps you to develop certain skills in order to become an independent thinker and speaker .
It is evident that independent speaking and thinking skills are valuable for your career .
For instance , I was really afraid of speaking in front of many people .
However , this health management and policy class with open discussion was helpful for me insofar as I learned how to speak in front of others .
In order to get good grades , we are forced to participate in discussion .
As a result , I overcame my anxiety and started speaking in front of those students and I found it 's not as difficult as I expected .
This experience taught me that it is better to participate in a class with open discussion because it provides you with speaking and thinking abilities which are imperative for your career .
All in all , though some may oppose my opinion , it is clear that classes with open discussion and almost no lectures are preferable because interaction with other students will broaden your mind and you become a better speaker and thinker .
That is why every university should offer such classes .
Dear Mrs Ashby ,
with reference to your job announcement , I am submitting my application for the vacancy at Green Pepper Cafe .
Being a student of economics in this town ( expecting to graduate next year ) , I am currently searching for a job at weekends .
Your job description sounds to be a good fit for my search , since I am very experienced at serving guests and have a good knowledge of various kinds of foods .
Last summer I worked at the Hilton Hotel for six weeks .
My tasks included back office administration and serving in the hotel 's restaurant .
Being ranked in the Michelin guide , this restaurant provides more than 50 different dishes .
I love serving customers and dealing with different and complex situations .
Please find my CV and reference letters attached .
Should you require further information , I will be happy to provide it .
Thank you for your time and consideration .
I look forward to your positive response .
Yours sincerely ,
Petra
Dear Alex ,
I 've been waiting for your e - mail for two days !
I hope you 're OK , by the way .
Are you serious about the new activity center ?
It 's an excellent idea . Of course we should go . I bet there are lots of things to do so we can have a great time .
Well , all your suggestions sound good to me . However , I would probably choose climbing because not only is it an extreme sport , but it is also an exciting activity I would like to try .
Do you agree with me ?
If you prefer to do other things instead of this , please just tell me !
About Saturday evening . Why do n't we just stay at home and watch some One Direction videos ?
They 're awesome !
I do n't know if my parents will be here on Friday , I 'm afraid they wo n't , they 've been working so much !
See you on Saturday .
Love ,
Diana
Tom woke up as a beam of sunlight slanted through a crack in the wall of the old cabin .
He stared at the clock hanging on the wall and frowned .
It was late , and there was a lot of work to do , so he 'd better get up .
By the time he arrived at the riverbank , some of his colleagues were already digging the ditch .
The river was flowing down with great noise , and its level was slowly rising , as had been happening for the last few days .
The crops might be flooded very soon if they did n't do something to avoid it .
Everybody was there : the Smiths , with their three broad - shouldered sons ; the Newtons , who even brought some of their stallions to help us remove the earth and the stones ; and the slim guy who lived in the farm in the northern hills of the valley and whose name nobody knew .
They worked all day long , without rest , until they were breathless and their hands were bleeding .
Then , they worked a bit more .
Finally , Tom could hear Matthew shouting from the other side of the field .
They decided to stop until the next day , as the dig was almost finished .
He gazed at it , a bit worried about the possibility of more rain during the night , but proud of having put the farm in shelter .
It had been a very long and tiring day , but Tom felt he had achieved something really good .
We human beings are highly socialized creatures in the world .
Therefore , it is inevitable that we have to learn to be part of society .
Parents , in some cases , are mentors to children .
However , considering the complexity of society , I believe it is better to learn in schools rather than from parents .
First of all , there is no denying that parents may teach their children enormous fundamental life skills on which their progeny count .
Nevertheless , the skills are not diverse enough for children to deal with specific problems when living in a complex society .
For example , one of my senior high school classmates encountered a communication problem in his family .
As a consequence , they have never talked to each other since then .
Following the previous paragraph , there will always be people with different lifestyles , attitudes , and beliefs in every aspect of one 's life .
If we have not lived and learned the skills in a group , especially in school , we will not be skilled before entering society .
Society as a whole is a place where both competition and cooperation take turns to continuously influence every member .
If we only live in our original family , parents will probably forgive us when we make mistakes .
In contrast , living in a society is another story : people might blame , compete , or even hurt others , no matter who you are .
Learning in schools , however , provides a valuable opportunity for children to learn not only from teachers , but also from relationships between peers , and as a result , paves the way for being independent in the future .
In a nutshell , there is a great deal of knowledge that needs to be acquired by children in order to live in society .
School , a place with diverse students along with diverse attitudes towards life , might be better than merely learning with parents .
The best sport in the world .
Have you ever tried unsuccessfully more than 5 sports in only one month ?
I have .
Although it 's true that I do n't actually love sports , once I found golf , it totally engaged me !
By playing golf you can enjoy a wonderful journey in contact with nature and even with some friends , while you do some healthy , constant and not too tiring exercise !
If you like the great views from a high hill , as well as having a relaxing time by yourself or sharing it with other people , golf is the perfect sport for you .
The only disadvantage I could find is that golf is n't such a cheap sport to do , as it requires a lot of expense and also good mental and psychological health , which is the first thing I recommend you to work on if you want to enjoy golf from the beginning .
However , as long as you can afford it and you 're provided with patience and enthusiasm , you should n't miss the opportunity to play this amazing sport .
I totally encourage you to try it at least once and I 'm sure you will want to repeat it !
Sometimes it seems to me that there is an ocean outside .
It slowly rustles and clatters and its pulsing waves attract so much that you ca n't stand sitting still much longer and you are ready to throw up everything and run towards it .
However , at the last moment , you understand that the ocean is there , in eternally beloved Spain .
Long before our journey I knew that I would love this country , I would fall in love with the ocean and sea once and for all .
I was wrong about only one thing : I had loved it long ago .
I had been adoring the sea and dreaming about it when I had never seen it before , never heard it before , but definitely felt it not with my skin but with my heart .
We spent ten days on the Atlantic seaboard , in a small town - Cádiz .
The main advantage of it is that the ocean is always near to hand , no matter in what part of the town you are .
Like in all seaside towns , it 's always windy there .
The wind is often strong and cold , and it blows off hats and tousles the hair in such a way that it ca n't be combed any more .
So , that 's why I gave up the idea of doing it and decided to be a shaggy - girl .
Also , I remember the sweet perfume of Spaniards ( and Spain itself ) , spreading through the streets of the old town and mixing with the smell of fried fish that is ready to be served in numerous bars , cafes and restaurants .
I remember the warmth of twilight , which lures you to the heart of this town .
I remember the laughter of people , sitting at the tables and chatting .
I remember children , running about the small squares in front of the cathedrals ; elderly people in wheelchairs ...
All these memories are always with me , and to go through them again I do n't even need to close my eyes , everything in my mind and heart is too vivid to forget .
Today I am writing about learning another language .
It could seem something very useful , with no drawbacks , but each coin has a head and a tail .
Learning another language is a wonderful way of learning about another country .
Check the languages you know and compare them to the people from those countries .
A language is the great thing to learn because it is the way people communicate and organize their thoughts .
Furthermore , it gives you the chance to enjoy works written in that language .
That 's an incredible opportunity .
Nevertheless , when you are learning a language , it brings confusion .
You need to change the way you organize your thoughts in order to master it .
On the one hand , the old one could be hard - wired into your brain .
On the other hand , the new language needs an additional effort .
It also has another negative effect : you have limited time on this planet .
There is an incredible amount of things to learn .
Why would you waste your time learning a new language , when you probably do not know enough about your own ?
In summary , learning a language is something beautiful , useful and entertaining .
It can be hard and it has its downsides .
But , as a learner of my third language , I am a firm believer that it is the right choice .
Monroe Training Solutions
87 , Southend Close
Norfolk AB51 8JK
Email:8jkWE2h@gmail.com
Skype : MTS Joanna Little
www.monroetraining.com
26 January 2012
Victoria Rosie Skye
Department of Economics
Vancouver Business School
1239 Adelaide Road
Vancouver
BC Canada YNJ 3Q3
Dear Ms. Victoria Rosie :
We are delighted to inform you that the charity dinner was a success .
We raised € 44,500.00 and we are really grateful for your attendance at our event .
We will use the money to build another educational building , and we are going to invest in the program that we did last year .
We would like to say thank you for your presence at the event . We are delighted because you chose to promote our educational program . We are pretty sure that your presence helped a lot to promote this program with the new students .
We are really happy to inform you that we are going to organize some events in the next three months and we would like to invite you as a public figure to discuss more details about the campaign .
Best Regards ,
Joanna Little
Director of Monroe Solutions
Is change always good ?
Change is always good .
But sometimes the pace of change , the direction of change or the consequences of change can make it no good at all .
Life implies change .
No change ; no life . Nature is life and death , construction and destruction .
No change ; no nature .
To stop the change is impossible . That would be against nature and against ourselves .
Every human action provokes a reaction .
Every single word causes a gesture , a thought , a change in others .
Every step marks a footprint in the ground .
The smallest work changes the environment .
Any decision changes the future .
Life is change .
But this change has a rhythm and it is better to respect it .
Life and change also have a direction , an aim : growth .
Everything that does n't grow is dead , and death is the opposite of life .
To inhibit the growth of a living being is cruelty , but sometimes it happens .
Think of those Chinese women obliged to bind their feet .
Think of the Olympic Champion Nadia Comaneci , artificially stopped in her physical development to preserve her graceful childish body .
It is equally cruel , in my opinion , to accelerate the pace of growth by forcing children to work like adults or by inducing little girls to dress and behave like femmes fatales in video - clips or on magazine covers .
Nature is also change , but in a cyclical direction , and with a natural rhythm : the movement of celestial bodies , the rotation of Earth , the alternation of days and nights , the sequence of seasons … , in short , the wheel of life .
We live in a time of accelerated changes .
Technology allows us to do and learn in one lifetime more things than our ancestors were able to in several generations .
But at the same time , we are working against nature - let 's think of pollution and climate change - and against our own human nature : distress , allergies , strokes and heart attacks are more and more frequent nowadays .
I think we should readjust the rhythm of change in order to be able to reinterpret , in a positive sense , Lampedusa words " everything must change so that everything can stay the same " .
Shopping is very important to people .
It helps to cope with stressful situations .
While shopping , you are doing what you like and enjoy .
But some people can get annoyed by this kind of activity . They may be irritated by loud music in the shopping areas , long queues at the cash desk , and crowds of customers everywhere .
Some people can be called shopaholics , as they ca n't live without new clothes and furniture .
I do n't belong to any of these groups , because I am not addicted to shopping , but I do love the process of choosing clothes , shoes and accessories . I hate going shopping with my father as he is always advising me to buy stupid stuff .
However , I find shopping with my mother pleasant and easy , as we have the same interests and tastes .
She helps me to make the right choice and never looks at the prices .
Actually , this is a bad idea , because I must not waste money on things that are not worth buying .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
My name is Alex Yegorov and I am writing to request information about qualification requirements for obtaining a skills assessment in order to submit my Expression of Interest to SkillSelect .
I would appreciate it if you could send me the necessary applications forms and associated information relating to the assessment .
It would be appreciated if you could provide assessment procedures , time frames and charges as well .
I graduated from University with a specialisation in Fiber - optic Transmission Systems .
However , now I am working and planning to continue working as a Software Engineer ( 261313 ) .
Would Telecommunications Engineer ( 263311 ) be the right occupation for me ?
Also , may I have information on which version of the IELTS exam I should take ; the Academic or the General Version ?
Yours faithfully ,
Alex Yegerov
The European Union was created and is meant to be an organization that helps all of its members to develop economically and socially while contributing to the common good of the whole union itself .
It works towards allowing all EU citizens to travel and work freely no matter which country they are from .
Migration is a factor all countries must consider in order to move forward .
Everyone must be accepted and integrate into a specific society .
All current 27 nations must work both individually and together for the best conditions of immigrants .
There should be a working network for providing suitable jobs and standards of living for those , of course , who are looking to work and contribute to society , and do not simply expect to lay on the back of more economically developed countries .
Many non - EU citizens live and work in Europe , but for this to be successful they have to be able to integrate into their receiving society .
They should be able to enjoy the same rights and responsibilities as EU citizens .
Europe needs bright young people with an urge , with a wish to be productive , to create a better future for themselves and for their children .
Migration brings all the cultural wealth and diversity in Europe and integration is an expression of civic cohesion , contributing to political stability .
First priest to realize that church wine is not real blood .
" The taste of my blood was completely different from the Sacred Blood " .
In 2015 , after 30 years of service in the Church of the Sacred Heart in Peluzuchampa , north of Bolivia , the priest Inocencio Raudales , 66 years old , realized that the wine drunk at the moment of communion is not the true blood of Jesus Christ , as he has thought for his whole life .
" I realized this fact last December when I cut my finger while I was cooking and I sucked the blood that was flowing from the wound " .
Inocencio , surprised by this discovery , asked his colleagues in the Order of Saint Bartolo about the taste of their blood . Incredibly , after a needlestick in their fingers , all the priests from the congregation agreed that their blood did not taste like the wine converted into holy blood at the church .
At that time , the Order sent to the Vatican an urgent message and called the press to make an announcement of the discovery .
At this press conference , Inocencio assured that next year he will try to prove if pigeons truly represent the Holy Spirit .
Hello , Alison !
I 'm pleased to hear from you again ! I have to say that you should write in your work that the traditional Portuguese food is delicious !
What can I say ?
Usually my eating habits are similar to most Portuguese ; I have my breakfast between around 7.30 and 8.00 . I eat bread with cheese or jam and I drink a large glass of milk with cereals .
At lunch , many people eat a lot ! I start with a small soup and then I have the main dish and the dessert .
If I have some time before 14.00 , I love to have a coffee with friends - in Portugal everyone drinks an espresso !
In the afternoon , I eat some cookies .
Finally , I have dinner with my family - always at 20.00 !
We eat a light meal and fruit .
What is my favourite Portuguese meal ?
It 's pork which is seasoned with red wine and , then , well braised .
But the most famous dish uses cod .
Good luck ! Best wishes !
Andreia
He had a long day ahead of him .
Tom was the kind of person that is always there for his friends .
He was always doing things for them or for anyone who asked him .
He lived in Toronto , which is a cold city , but which is even colder at 5 am , the time when Tom 's day began .
Tom had a series of things he had to do for his friend Rob before 2 pm and had to start as fast as he could .
His first stop was the garage where he had to pay and pick up his friend Rob 's car .
The price was supposed to be 10 pounds , but it ended up being 25 pounds , so Tom had to pay money from his own pocket .
As a consequence , he had no money to pay for a sod , so he was thirsty all morning .
After taking the car out of the garage , he had to drive all the way to the airport and wait for Rob to arrive .
But the plane had a delay of 20 minutes .
Tom was getting really anxious , worrying that he would never make it back to his job . At 2 pm , the flight arrived .
Tom drove back to town and then walked really fast to his work .
It was a quarter to two , so Tom lay back in his chair , took a deep breath and waited for his workmates to arrive .
It had been a very long and tiring day , but Tom felt he had achieved something really good .
Welcome to Russia !
Everybody visiting this country would like to see the most important sights , and I might be helpful there .
How about Red Square ?
It is one of the most significant places in our capital , Moscow .
First of all , I would like to make it clear that " red " is not related to the colour only . This word also means " beautiful " in Russian .
Then , this is the spot where all - nation celebrations take place , like civil and military parades or seeing the New Year in !
Also , in Red Square one can see the Mausoleum , which is can also be called one of the symbols of our capital and the country .
The amazing Saint Basil 's Cathedral is located nearby .
If you visit my country one day , I will certainly be pleased to show you Red Square and everything I 've told you about .
I am proud of my country !
What is cultural literacy ?
I was researching some definitions of cultural literacy .
It seems to me that the following definitions show an overall context of what cultural literacy is .
Cultural literacy is the ability to understand and participate fluently in a given culture .
Cultural literacy is knowing about and respecting the cultures of others .
In order to be culturally literate , you need to be familiar with all manner of things , from Waterloo , Hamlet and " Call me Ishmael , " to the Wife of Bath , the Magna Carta , Tutankhamen , the Pythagorean Theorem and 1066 .
To be familiar with something is far different from being an expert in it , and it 's entirely achievable .
A literate reader knows the object - language 's alphabet , grammar , and a sufficient set of vocabulary ; a culturally literate person knows a given culture 's signs and symbols , including its language , particular dialectic , stories , entertainment , idioms , idiosyncrasies , and so on .
The culturally literate person is able to talk to and understand others of that culture with fluency , while the culturally illiterate person fails to understand culturally - conditioned allusions , references to past events , idiomatic expressions , jokes , names , places , etc .
According to UNESCO , literacy is at the heart of basic education for all and creating literate environments and societies is essential for achieving the goals of eradicating poverty , reducing child mortality , curbing population growth , achieving gender equality and achieving sustainable development , peace and democracy .
My personal opinion is that cultural literacy is the way to understand , learn and know about other cultures .
Also , you can be understood by other cultures .
Nowadays , the majority of teenagers are not so close to their families as they used to be and mostly they are further apart from their parents .
The age between 13 and 19 is the revolutionary one .
It has been shown that they get along better with their siblings than their parents .
I share this opinion with the revolutionary ones .
I get along with my siblings very well , but we do not see each other very much .
As a result , we often communicate and we do not exchange opinions as much as other families do . I do not consider them to be my best friends because I can not speak with them as freely as with my friends .
Not to mention that when I am trying to talk to them , they always space out and then say that they have their own problems .
That really gets on my nerves .
A friend will stay on and listen to you with patience .
To sum up , I do not consider my family to be my best friends and neither do they .
I think it is fair to say basketball is one of the most popular sports on the planet , both in the number of viewers and the number of players .
There is probably an array of reasons to explain such a phenomenon , but for me , that happens for one particular reason ; the shot clock .
The shot clock is a timer that dictates the amount of time during which one team can keep possession of the ball .
The idea behind it is to quicken the pace of the game and prevent it from becoming stalled .
A curious fact is that , out of the five most popular sports in the world , only basketball keeps track of possession time and to me that 's exactly what sets it apart from the others .
While watching or playing any kind of sport , there 's nothing worse than a team or a player trying to waste time until the clock runs out , the game becomes dull and boring and you ca n't enjoy the excitement that only the up - tempo style of play can provide .
The bottom line is ; a fast - paced game is a much more exciting experience for players and viewers than a slow paced one and that makes the " shot clock " fundamental to the dynamics of the game .
And for anyone trying to become a good basketball player , the two most important things to understand ( as it is for most sports in general ) are the values of practice and awareness .
Practice is the one thing that can increase the probability of desirable results and awareness is what gives you the ability to adapt to different situations , and the combination of the two is the only way to success . So if you want to be a good player , you need to put your energy and focus on practice and stay alert and survey the court at all times so you can be aware of what is happening around you .
Some people claim that the youth of today are less healthy than they were two decades ago .
Although several causes of this problem can be found in the modernisation of our society , this modern society can also provide solutions for the amelioration of the level of fitness of young people .
One of the reasons for the worsening of the health of young people is the increasing use of cars .
Nowadays , parents take their children everywhere by car , whereas they would have to go everywhere by bike or by foot twenty years ago .
This is a result of the decreasing price of cars due to innovation in the car industry , which enabled more and more people to buy a car ( and use it ) .
However , possibilities to make young people healthier are also provided by our modern civilisation .
For example , commercials can be used to encourage youngsters to take up exercise by showing the positive effects .
In conclusion , I feel that not only the reason for the low level of fitness of today 's youth , but also the clue to getting youngsters fitter , lies in modernity .
Good thrillers have become increasingly rare in the last few years , and to find some among big productions casting famous actors is even harder , if not impossible .
Most of these , in fact , have very predictable plots , are full of cliches and , since it 's so easy to figure out how they will end , they are usually very boring .
This is why I was very surprised when I came out of the theater after seeing " Looper " and thought , " Hey , I just saw a thriller with Bruce Willis in it , and it was actually a really good one ! "
The story is set in the future , about thirty years from now , when time travel has been invented but is used only by criminal organizations who send those they want killed into the past , where a professional killer , a looper , is waiting for them and for the silver strapped to their body .
The main character is Joe , a looper who has to face an older version of himself sent back in time to be killed .
By letting his older self go , Joe changes his past , and therefore his future , leading to a series of unexpected events , and to an even more unexpected ending !
My expectations were not very high , but I have to say the movie was surprisingly good . In fact , it was not boring at all , and had a few big twists which took me completely by surprise .
Time travelling is only a means to the development of the story , and the future society is quite similar to the present one , so even if you are not big science fiction fans , I suggest you give this movie a chance . I am sure you wo n't be disappointed .
In the competitive world that we inhabit , mastering a technique and having a deep knowledge of a given field is essential for both academic and professional success .
We 've reached a point where this training starts at an early age in the form of extracurricular activities , such as music classes , learning languages and playing sports .
The inherent tendency to provide the best to our offspring causes parents to invest in their children so as to prepare them for an unpredictable future .
The haste that results from this process does n't allow parents to think over some potentially harmful myths that they take for reality , regardless of the fact that it may compromise their children 's motivation and self - confidence , all because of their " is talent innate or can it be acquired ? " .
Contemporarily , the most widespread belief is that some people are born with a talent and some unlucky ones simply are n't .
This assertion may boost the confidence of parents whose children show a remarkable ability in early infancy , as though this capability could be a celestial sign that their toddler is gifted or going to grow up as child prodigy .
The adherents of this idea usually mention extraordinary people in order to reinforce their own belief in their child 's potential to become a famous genius .
One of the most common examples is Beethoven , known for composing high - quality piano pieces as a young child .
Little known is what the role played by music was in his life and what his relationship with it was prior to his first deed .
Admittedly , I do n't know this myself .
Anyone who challenges the aforementioned common - sense is n't immediately drawn to embrace and believe the less common , but still popular and not scientific , concurrent idea .
Many do believe that a talent can be taught , although not so easily .
The " 10,000-hours rule " is said to have a scientific basis , in spite of the fact that most of its defendants have never read the study that established it .
According to this rule , any person can develop a talent after 10,000 hours of training .
This amount of time does n't fit normal workers ' and students ' tight schedules and busy daily lives , therefore being labeled as impractical and unachievable .
The normal response to this conclusion is , like I and many people who gave up learning a language simply because fluency is out of reach if you do n't have this time available , is the loss of motivation .
The main problem of having these two perspectives on talent is that both of them are basically negative .
Both of them put a heavy burden on parents and on their children .
One asserts that talent is a matter of luck ; the second , of pure time - consuming and presumably expensive dedication .
Clearly , both rely on the common beliefs to be sustained .
Like any other unscientific " truth " that circulates and causes harm to our society , this one can only be eliminated through the reading of scientific and specialised publications on the topic , so that the effective ways of becoming talented at something can be adopted , before the popular beliefs take our motivation and self - belief away .
This research project will provide us with a better understanding and insights into this area through the EM trainees ' narratives and experiences of clinical reasoning development in ED and add to the scientific discourse in clinical reasoning .
As discussed , clinical reasoning is still poorly understood and a variety of ways of articulating and conceptualizing clinical reasoning can provide richer means of understanding what is involved in clinical encounters ( Loftus , 2012 ) .
A narrative approach to exploring and investigating clinical reasoning development can provide a vocabulary that encourages us to integrate insights from different frameworks in ways that combine the strengths of each .
Dear John ,
I live in Italy and you should know that food is very important for us !
Many people have breakfast in a bar with an espresso or a cappuccino and a croissant .
In the morning , we 're not used to eating salty food like salami , eggs or cheese .
Working people usually have lunch at about 13.00 and they have something simple such a pasta or a sandwich and a coffee because the break is short and they have to go back to work and need to be concentrate and do n't get asleep !
During the day Italian people drink a lot of coffee and everyone has a coffee maker at home !
Young people do not drink coffee : they prefer to drink Coke while eating junk food , which is cheaper and tastier than pastasciutta .
The time for dinner is not the same in all parts .
In northern Italy people eat at about 19 , whereas in southern Italy they eat at about 21 . I get home late and I have no time to cook elaborate meals so I usually cook a steak with vegetables .
Sometimes I give myself a slice of homemade cake .
Italian eat also a lot of fruits like apples , oranges and other fruit of the season .
On Saturdays or Sundays we do n't have to work , so we have time to cook and we prepare typical Italian food with two or more courses .
I really like the lasagna , made with a flat and long pasta with bechamel , tomatoes and meat and I love the pasta Amatriciana made with spaghetti , fresh tomatoes , bacon and a typical Roman cheese called pecorino .
Another typical dish from the northern Italy ( it comes from the mountains ) is pizzoccheri which is a wheat pasta topped with cabbages , butter and typical cheese .
Every region has a typical food and a typical cheese .
I once read that in Italy we produce 450 different cheeses and I do n't think a foreigner would try them all !
I 'm talking about Gorgonzola cheese , which tastes really strong and is n't very nice because it has a blue mould inside .
I remember having tasted the " casu marzu " , a typical Sardinian cheese which has some little worm inside !
However , eating is for us a tradition that puts the families together and recipes are handed down from generation to generation .
I hope I 've helped you !
Best wishes ,
Roberta Trentino
What happened to me is not the reason for my mood but I 'm sure it contributed .
My first night here , I was invited to a dinner mainly for scientists who are up here doing a radio show .
I 'm sat next to Brain Cox and something inside me wilts because I know I am sitting next to a superior being and he will soon find out I 'm a two - celled worm .
I am next to someone who knows what happened to cause the big bang , he sees atoms and electrons and even knows what they are .
He does n't think about things that I , a mere mortal , do , like whether or not there is food on my teeth , and death .
To me , he is greater than any rock star squared .
Dear Sirs ,
I would like to apply for the job you advertised last week because I am quite sure I would be perfectly suitable for the post .
First of all , let me introduce myself .
I am 30 years old .
I am an English teacher here in my country , Spain , and I have worked with children aged 5 - 14 for five years now , in different educational centres .
I am very enthusiastic about being with kids .
I guess that is why I am a bit a of workaholic .
I love playing sports , singing , swimming , doing handicrafts , and cooking as well . I enjoy teamwork , and I always share new ideas and good experiences with my colleagues .
I am a sociable and supportive person .
I have a great personality .
Now , in relation to the job tasks I would have to perform , I feel totally capable of doing all of them with enthusiasm and effectiveness .
I am an excellent cook .
I am quite good at organising sports events and games .
Moreover , I will not have trouble taking care of children -I will be a great companion for them .
Students always love the activities I design for them .
They have so much fun !
Thus , I think I am the right person to work at any of your summer camps and I am sure you will be satisfied with my work .
Working there would be a great opportunity for me .
I could learn more about American culture and people .
I know I would benefit a lot from the experience .
I am looking forward to hearing from you soon .
Dear Sir/ Madam ,
I am writing to apply for the post of instructor at USA Summer Camps .
I am 20 and currently doing a Barcelona University degree in PE .
I am also a Spanish Red Cross camp leader , as I enjoy all kinds of sports , such as swimming , sailing , kayaking , rock climbing , etc .
I also have a high level of spoken English because for 8 years I have been attending a summer camp in Scotland , where recently I was asked to carry on as an instructor .
As a result , I have some relevant experience for this job since I have been working for two years as summer camp instructor for a company in Scotland where I have been in charge of fifteen children aged eight years .
I would be suitable for the job advertised because I am extrovert , easy - going , hardworking , thoughtful , and love children and doing outdoor activities such as camping , fishing and cooking . I also enjoy teaching children new skills and helping them to develop their self - confidence .
I would welcome the chance of being part of your company 's team , since it is a world - renowned firm and I am available to travel and change residence .
Because of this , I would be grateful if you could send me information regarding incorporation in the organization ( date , conditions , etc )
If you require any further information , please contact me at + 34 622 22 22 22 or rTD6hJ@gmail.com .
Looking forward to hearing from you .
Yours faithfully ,
Laura Smith .
Although educated people in the past had the same desire to learn as educated people today , those who were considered educated in the past would be considered less educated today .
That 's because many scientific facts have been revealed .
Furthermore , information about these facts has become much more available .
Also , people today tend to get higher degrees than people in the past .
The great expansion of knowledge makes people more educated than before .
Today , people know more about phenomena that were considered obscure in the past .
For example , people today know more about space , genetics , and diseases .
That makes them more educated .
Furthermore , it 's easy to find out about these valuable discoveries .
There are many more libraries and learning courses available than before .
In addition , information about anything can be found easily on the Internet .
In the past , graduating from high school was considered an achievement ; today it 's not .
To be considered well educated , people should graduate from a college .
Also , there are more people who continue their education after graduation from college .
In conclusion , the average level of education in the past is n't enough today to be considered educated .
This winter , I may be able to travel to Cornwall , UK .
Going to the UK has been a dream of mine , but going to Cornwall , however , might be a bit of an escapade during the winter , considering that I 'm only used to the relatively hot Egyptian weather .
I have read that Cornwall is usually flooded in winter , and that the weather might make transportation a pain .
However , I 'm interested in & excited about the journey because it will allow me to have a myriad of new experiences .
Also , I hear people are generally convivial and the countryside is beautiful in Cornwall .
I hope that my fortitude will help me during this short sojourn .
My life has been on a boring plateau for a while now and I have been looking for a change as well as more personal growth .
A historical place of importance in my country .
There is a place in my country which played a very important role during World War II .
This is a forest , crossed by the border between France and Switzerland .
As it was full of spruces , it was easy to hide from the German patrols and people from both sides of the border helped Jewish people , spies and English , Canadian or American pilots to flee through Switzerland .
A network developed from the South of France to Switzerland , especially to try to save thousands of Jewish children .
People who participated in that " way to freedom " never asked anything in exchange .
They did it freely .
They never spoke about it till a few years ago , as they were considered criminals by their countries as they had broken the law during that time .
But now , they have told the whole world about it , some of them are now considered as heroes in Israel for what they did during those hard times .
Their story has been written and people could finally discover what happened there between the years nineteen thirty - nine and nineteen forty - five .
Last month , a monument was erected in their memory so that nobody forgets what happened in that large forest where - as the people would say in that time - German soldiers could not guard the whole wood , unless they stood behind each spruce ....
Nowadays , public transport is a useful and convenient way of travelling , especially for students , people with a low socioeconomic status , or anyone who wants to go to work or school by bus , train or by subway .
It 's also true that more people have cars than maybe 30 or 40 years ago .
Cars are a good way of saving time , especially when waiting for public transport , mainly buses .
But a disadvantage is that car maintenance and gas is more expensive than paying for public transport .
On the other hand , cars are always there when you need them and you do n't have to depend on anything when you have a car .
Airplanes are becoming more and more useful for people who travel for work or even want to get to another place quicker and more safely .
I also think that there will be fewer people using public transport in the future , but some will still be available , because it wo n't be possible for everyone to afford to have a car or travel by plane .
As in all educational processes , assessment of the programme planning must take place .
There are different ideas to be considered as far as assessment is concerned .
In the first place , we have to know why we evaluate .
The function of evaluation and assessment must not only be the recognition of the results of the learning process itself , but also how this process took place . Therefore , we will need to use different instruments of assessment .
After the assessment and evaluation we will be able to adapt the necessary pedagogic help to individual students , know up to which point the proposed aims have been achieved , and we will be able to judge the programme planning as a whole .
Assessment and evaluation will provide information , for the teacher as well as for the students .
The teacher will understand the student 's difficulties better ; s / he will know the level of assimilation of the different kinds of contents and be able to modify future programme planning .
As far as the students are concerned , they will be able to correct inadequate strategies or behaviour , know the difficulties they encounter in the learning - teaching process and evaluate their own process .
Secondly , we must be sure of what to assess and evaluate .
As to the students , we will have to consider the knowledge and skills they have acquired , their attitudes and their social behaviour .
As to the teacher , we will find out whether the programme planning was adequate or not and if s / he was sufficiently involved in the learning - teaching process .
Thirdly , we have to keep in mind the instruments for assessment and evaluation we are going to use .
For our programme planning , we propose the following instruments or techniques :
Society is continually changing , ever since we created the first civilizations .
However , it has a special importance nowadays , in a world that moves so quickly .
The first thing that comes to mind on this subject is technology .
It has such a quick growth that it 's impossible to predict how much transformation it will suffer .
It should make a lot of tasks easier and more efficient but , apart from that , I do n't expect it to have a deep impact on our lives , considering other aspects that will certainly overcome this one .
That brings us to the second point : resources .
As the population grows exponentially , the resources fail to do the same .
We have just started worrying about that , but the actions we 're taking are far from enough .
The hard truth is that until someone has to face the situation himself , it 's quite difficult to restrain oneself from wasting energy , food , materials , water ...
But in the near future , most of us will have to deal with it and , therefore , be forced to make dramatic changes in our lives in order to survive .
Finally , and on a more positive note , we 're walking towards a global world .
This means borders are getting thinner and thinner , and cultures more and more similar .
As this may cause us to lose traditions and cultural identity , it will definitely bring more opportunities for everyone .
Dear Jo ,
It 's great to hear from you !
It 's really good that you 're coming to Uruguay . I would be pleased to help you .
First of all , there are a lot of places to visit here and I would like to take you to Punta del Este , Piriapolis , Cabo Polonio , La paloma and other beautiful places .
You have a lot of hotels to stay at if you want to be there more than a day and the people are really nice . Or if you want , you can stay at my house , of course .
Secondly , you can find a job here in Montevideo or , if you like , in the countryside .
You could work in a public office , for example .
For people who come from other countries like you , there are a lot of internships and I can assure you that you will find a great job . There are also companies that are hiring people to work for a short period of time in their call centers .
Finally , tell me if you want to go to a particular place or do some activity that you have in mind .
I 'm looking forward to seeing you soon !
We will have a great time together here in Uruguay . You will see some of the most popular places in this beautiful country .
See you soon ,
Felipe
The pupils have been taught English since their very first meeting with the English language in school , so they are completely familiar with using English as a classroom language .
In this course design we have also chosen activities that we consider suitable to be taught about in English .
The only place where we could imagine a challenge in sticking to English as the classroom language is when the group works together .
The evaluation starts by unfolding the brainstorm from day 1 , and then it continues with the pupils applying all their new words and knowledge about America .
Hereby we want to create consciousness in the pupils ' minds of their new knowledge .
The end of the evaluation is that every pupil writes a post - it note that answers the following questions : What have I learned from this course ?
What did I like most about this course ?
How could the course be improved ?
Hereby we both want the pupils to reflect on their learning and bring the teacher valuable information for the next time .
In this class , there are strong wishes for certain areas regarding America that the pupils want to learn : 10 pupils would like to learn about American High School Life , 4 pupils would like to learn about National Parks in America , 4 pupils would like to learn about Native Americans and 1 pupil would like to learn about the American Motor Industry .
Taking the importance of learner autonomy and the importance of the pupils ' motivation into consideration , we have decided that they can follow their interests on this course .
This also gives the pupils the possibility of introducing their classmates to new knowledge - and the communicative situation is authentic .
Kyiv is a good destination for shopaholics .
Here you can find well - known brands as well as locally produced items .
For those interested in top fashion brands , I would recommend visiting the shops in the main street .
The best manufacturers of clothes , linen , accessories have their shops there . Jewellery and watch shops can also be found nearby .
For those who are looking for cheap but practical clothes , I would recommend you to go to one of the shopping malls of the capital .
Mass - market clothes , bags , cosmetics , children 's toys are available there .
There are also supermarkets in each shopping mall , where you can buy food and beverages as well as housekeeping items .
If you are interested in local design , vintage clothes and remarkable souvenirs , go to the historical center of the city .
Different shops will offer a wide range of goods and impress with interesting design ideas and unique styles .
The main shopping mall of the city is under reconstruction at the moment , but in one year , it will be open to visitors and will surprise them with high - tech design and exclusive brands .
And if you are trying to find a good product for a reasonable price , visit the city 's outlet centre - collections from the previous years are sold there with significant discounts .
AIESEC has 64 years of experience in turning high - potential young people into globally - minded , responsible leaders .
Present in over 113 countries and territories and with over 86,000 members , AIESEC is the world 's largest youth - run organization .
Focused on providing a platform for youth leadership development , AIESEC offers young people the opportunity to participate in international internships , expe ...
Xem thêm
Mô tả
Present in over 113 countries and territories and with over 86,000 members , AIESEC is the world 's largest youth - run organisation .
Focused on providing a platform for youth leadership development , AIESEC offers young people the opportunity to be global citizens , to change the world , and to get experience and skills that matter today
Thông Tin Tổng Quát
What We Envision
Peace and fulfilment of humankind 's potential .
AIESEC 's Scope
AIESEC is a global , non - political , independent , not - for - profit organization run by students and recent graduates of institutions of higher education .
Our members are interested in world issues , leadership and management .
AIESEC does not discriminate on the basis of race , colour , gender , sexual orientation , creed , religion , national , ethnic or social origin .
AIESEC 's Approach
AIESEC members go through an integrated development experience .
This involves leadership opportunities , international internships and interacting with a global network to support their development .
Why do people become homeless ?
One of the reasons is that they are poor because they can not get a job .
I believe we can reduce the number of homeless people in Japan by providing them with information and skills .
Those who become homeless usually do not know that there is a system to help poor people .
For example , if they do not have enough money to have a home and to buy things necessary to live , they can get financial support from the government .
However , those who do not know about it can not get such support .
Homeless people tend to be unable to gather information because of lack of means to do it .
We need to let them get information .
Skills are also needed to get a job .
The skills include the ability to communicate with people and to overcome hardships .
I have seen a TV program about homeless people .
In the program , one homeless man quit his job because he could not have a good relationship in the office .
He tried several jobs but he could communicate well in none of them .
He was tired of himself , lost interest in working and became homeless .
Then , he got to know that there was a class that provides homeless people with skills for cleaning floors for free .
He decided to join the class .
Sometimes the lesson was hard , but the staff there praised him when he did well .
Little by little , he developed an interest in working .
He got to know how pleasant it is to overcome hard situations .
He also learned how to build a good relationship with people through talking to his colleagues .
He finally wanted to find a job again .
If more lessons like this are provided and more homeless people get the skills , the problem of homelessness will become less serious .
To conclude , giving information about support that they can receive from the government and skills is a very helpful way to solve homelessness in Japan .
At the moment , all governments around the world argue about climate change .
Some of them think global warming is the most significant problem , whereas others believe deforestation has a greater impact on our world .
Now I will discuss both sides .
On the one hand , global warming is a result of many emitted toxic gases .
These are , for example , carbon dioxide and methane .
As we all know , trees store carbon dioxide .
So , we can say , with less deforestation there would be less global warming .
But what are the results of global warming ?
The primary outcome is the increasing temperature , and this leads to melting glaciers .
These glaciers are habitat for polar bears and many other arctic animals .
The melting glacier will bring a higher sea level .
That means coastal cities will be flooded .
This flooding leads to starvation because of lower harvest yields and this creates many refugees .
On the other hand , deforestation is , as said , another part of global warming due to fewer carbon - dioxide - storing trees .
But incinerating a huge part of the rainforest means the destruction of wildlife habitats .
Global warming is a primary cause of starvation but so is deforestation .
Because the roots do not hold the fertile soil , and as a result , it will be blown away by the wind .
To sum up , both issues have enormous impacts on our world .
In both , animals and people are affected .
But , in my opinion , you can stop global warming by stopping deforestation first .
Then you can focus on global warming .
Michael and Cecilia had been married for 6 years .
Even though their relationship was of the quarrelling type , everyone around them , friends and family agreed on the fact that the pair were as solid as a rock , and despite the ups and downs , love had always won in the end .
But sometimes , Michael had a tendency to go too far with his words .
And each time it happened , Cecilia burst into tears , and Michael had to rock his sobbing wife like a baby .
They had kept trying to have a baby for years , but despite their attempts , no child ever came .
Michael grew bitter .
He was torturing Cecilia with reproaches .
One night he went away slamming the door , still cursing while running down the stairs .
It took him three days to calm down and put things into perspective .
When he finally came back home , his wife was nowhere to be seen ... Michael rushed to the bedroom .
Going straight to the wardrobe , he opened its door .
It was empty ...
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Nowadays , experience is more important than academic knowledge to get a job .
Employers try to find employees that have practical skills rather than formal qualifications .
Although experience is extremely important , I disagree that academic qualifications are not important .
First of all , formal education is essential for employees , it is considered as a fundamental basis of any practical job .
Success in a job depends on the amount of theoretical knowledge that a person acquired in an academic institution .
In addition , every phenomenon is based on theory .
When employees face any problems or difficulties at work , they must refer to the theory that explains this phenomenon . Without knowing this theory , employees ca n't overcome these difficulties . For instance , engineering science seems practical , but each part of engineering science is based on theories .
Therefore , engineers must take demanding knowledge to be successful in a career .
Second of all , theoretical qualifications are crucial for employees , as they help people to think and solve all problems in a fair way .
A scientific approach is more important to deal with problems , beginning with identifying problems and then studying all factors and related information .
Then employees are able to suggest the best solution . This approach is developed in formal education .
Moreover , studying at a university provides an opportunity to interact with a wide range of people and thus build unique communication skills that are very important for employees .
Finally , knowledge could make an open - mined person who has the ability to deal with problems in a fair way .
To conclude , theoretical knowledge is more important than practical skills .
It is the main part that helps employees to be successful in their careers .
It is certainly true that markets can not abandon formal qualifications in future .
Some people are convinced that public transport has no future because the car is so much more convenient .
There is more than one way to look at this statement .
The use of public transport has a lot of advantages , but on the other hand , some disadvantages can be distinguished .
It depends on where and what kind of place you want to reach and it depends on the time of day .
In this article both sides are discussed .
First , what are the advantages of using the bus or train ?
When traveling to city centers , choosing public transport is advised , because parking a car in the city is really expensive and it is very hard to find a space .
When in the center and wanting to enjoy various sights , by car it is hard to get from one place to the other , because the traffic is heavy .
IN that way it will take a lot of your time , while the bus and tramway have their own bus lanes , and hence run smoothly .
In that case , the choice of public transport will be preferable .
When traveling to rural areas , it is quite difficult by public transport , because sometimes there are hardly any trains or buses for the far away places and the tiny villages .
Another problem might be the timetable .
Because not many people go to these places , the schedule will be very tight and the bus will only leave once every hour .
If there is a bus or train available , it will stop at almost every village .
Most of these buses will make many stops , which makes it even more time - consuming .
At the end of the day , you should choose public transport or car according to the purpose of your trip .
And sometimes public transport is better and sometimes using the car is better .
The Jirga is a ' traditional system ' of justice , which is actively practiced in , Khyber Pakhtunkhwa , Baluchistan as well as in districts of Sindh bordering with Baluchistan to resolve legal cases and disputes .
The system , which has been in practice since British rule , was modified under the ' Special Provision Ordinance ( Criminal Provisions 11 ) of 1968 ' .
Besides dispensing justice and dealing with judicial cases , the Jirga also covers all important aspects of the monetary , political , and communal life of tribal society .
However , in its present form , the tribal Jirga , especially in Sindh province , has generated heated debate about its legal position as well as conflict of its rules and codes with the constitution of Pakistan , law of the land or formal justice system as well as international human rights standards and conventions .
The strongest allegation about the Jirga system or ' informal justice system ' has been its unfairness against innocents during the course of decisions and execution of a variety of its rules and regulations .
This informal system of justice is being practiced in rural areas of Sindh and Baluchistan .
In fact , the informal justice system is directly proportional to the Jirga that originally has its roots in Baloch culture and has been transferred to Sindhi society progressively .
" Historically , the Jirga System dates back to the days of Naseer Khan of Kalat , Baluchistan .
He was the Khan of Kalat from 1741 to 1795 .
Naseer Khan was an able general , trained at the court of Ahmad Shah Abdali , the hero of the third battle of the famous Pani Pat . "
In recent years , many nations are developing their own economies rapidly , and it means that many areas of farmland and forests are being cut down to build better and bigger houses and a more convenient transportation system .
However , many countries have become more aware of the environmental issues each nation faces .
In my opinion , we need a more convenient life but also to maintain a certain balance .
First of all , the biggest problem is that the world 's resources are extremely unequal .
For example , Japan is the world 's third largest economy after the United States and China , its economy is so developed , but food , oil , and other resources are all imported , and it puts a lot of heavy industry into developing countries in order to protect its own environment .
This has led to a growing gap between the rich and the poor , while the environment is also getting worse and worse .
Secondly , with the increasing of the earth 's population , the areas of farmland are also decreasing .
People in economically developed areas are in pursuit of the perfect life and the people in undeveloped areas are starving .
So , I think that the government must do something in this respect .
The government should find a balance between economic development and agricultural development .
I think that it will have to develop science and technology such as Yuan Longping 's hybrid rice , or after the food can make people great and then vigorously develop the economy .
As part of the same planet , protecting the global environment is not only the task of the government , but also the task of each of us .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
I am writing to apply for one of the jobs in the summer camp that you advertised on the Internet .
I am in my final year of high school , which I will leave with a university entrance qualification in July of this year .
I am looking for a job in the USA to improve my English and to gain more experience working with children as I want to become a primary school teacher .
I have babysat children of different ages for the last 4 years and have found that very satisfying so far .
In addition , I have privately coached 5th and 6th grade pupils in Mathematics , English , German and French for the last 3 years .
The people I have worked for find me a reliable , communicative , well - organised and cheerful person .
I have been told that I am quite good with children .
My babysitting duties were to put the children to bed , provide lunch or dinner , play with them and read to them .
With regard to the tutorials . I have put together my own exercise materials , looked at and discussed class tests and helped the pupils with their homework .
Since I have worked twice as a group instructor at a local summer camp , I think that I am well - equipped to deal with 8 - 12-year - old children from the experience I mentioned .
I hope you will invite me for a job interview , via Skype or in person , and look forward to hearing from you soon .
Yours faithfully ,
Tessa Foerster
I had never felt so nervous before in my life ... !
I will never forget this particular day .
It was a lovely day .
That is why my parents decided to go on a bike trip to the forest outside our city .
I had never been there before , so I thought - why not ?
We set off at 6 pm and reached our destination an hour later .
Suddenly , it got so dark that I could not see a thing .
I started shouting , as my parents were out of sight , but nobody answered .
After a while , I started shaking - I was alone in a forest !
I tried to call my mother , but while I was typing her number on the keypad , the battery ran out of power ...
So there was nothing else to do but stay in the same place and wait for someone to help me .
Luckily , it was quite warm , so there was one thing less to worry about .
I did not have to wait so long , though - after a while , I saw our car 's lights glowing in the darkness .
I felt relieved .
Next time I go on such a trip , I need to make sure that I have a fully - charged mobile with me .
Eindhovensebaan 32
4988 RI Sittard
2 September 2016
Recruitment
Meltwater News
Hartoghstraat 844
2771 YJ Amsterdam
Dear Sir / Madam ,
Your advertisement in the Guardian of 31 August attracted my attention , because I believe that I have the skills you are looking for .
Attached to this letter of application , you will find my curriculum vitae .
I recently completed the four - year bachelor degree in European Studies at Zuyd University in Maastricht .
I learned about corporate communication , about management , organization and communication and some basics of marketing , etc .
Also , I have studied French and Spanish and have participated in many group projects .
During my studies , I went abroad to the University of Paris , where I studied political sciences and international management .
After my studies , I did a Master 's in cultural sciences at the University of Maastricht .
As a result of this training , I have excellent communication and analytical skills .
I worked in a clothing shop in the past , so I have some sales experience as well .
I have done an internship at the reception in one of the best VIP designer hotels in Sevilla , Spain .
My duties included checking guests in and out , planning and organizing group arrivals , assisting with cash advances , exchanging money , checking guest folios and giving commercial information to customers .
In this way , I have , to some extent , developed strategic thinking about individual client needs .
I know what clients want and know how to deal with that .
During my studies , I had to make portfolios several times and had negotiation classes , so that will be no problem for me .
I am very interested in this post , since it offers an excellent opportunity to develop my career in international management .
If you have any further questions , I can be contacted on 00316 12 34 56 78 . I would welcome the opportunity of an interview to give you additional information on what I can contribute to Meltwater News .
Yours faithfully ,
Bo Hummel
Enclosure : CV
Dear Sir or Madam ,
I am writing in reply to your job advertisement that I saw some days ago and I think this would be the right opportunity for me .
I am a 24-year - old Italian girl . I studied English during high school and for this reason I travelled in different countries in order to improve the language .
In those places , I had the opportunity to communicate with other people from all over the world .
I studied in London for 1 month some years ago and I visited different places , such as Brighton and Liverpool , where I attended some short summer courses .
I would like to improve my communication skills and I would really love to be an active part of your summer camps trying to do new things .
For these reasons , I think I would be a suitable person for this kind of job . I am very open - minded and I love to take care of children because of their beautiful way of thinking and seeing things in a very simple and natural way .
Cooking is one of the things I like most and I am not frightened of working hard , since I believe that if you want to improve , you have to apply yourself a lot .
I hope you will consider my application . This would actually be a wonderful experience for me .
I would be grateful if you could attend to this matter as soon as possible .
Regards ,
Flaminia Bruna Mancini
It was a rainy afternoon , and I had discovered the letter that ruined my life . I would never be the same again . I was at home looking out of the window , when the phone rang .
I could never have guessed what was about to happen .
While the phone was ringing , I felt shivers down my spine .
" Hello " I said , feeling like something was wrong , while the person on the other side kept talking .
And then I heard those three words : " He is dead . "
I rushed to his house , not believing what I had just been told .
I went into his bedroom , and there it was : the letter .
I suddenly knew what had happened , he had taken his own life , and my heart broke .
I had never expected that . I had lost my best friend , and I could not do a thing about it .
From that moment on , my life changed forever .
There are no words to explain how much I miss him .
Crazy Grandma
Grandparents are the best .
I love my grandpa and grandma a lot .
Since grandpa passed away I have started loving my grandma even more .
Grandma is so sweet , but at the same time crazy as well .
She does amazing things .
I admire her very much .
That woman knows how to put a smile on a kid 's face .
Granny has straight grey hair , deep blue eyes and a tiny nose .
She also has a pale complexion and black dark circles under eyes .
Grandma 's wrinkled face can be horrifying at night .
That is why I avoid going to the bathroom at night .
Fear of seeing granny at night is stronger than anything else .
She has a really skinny body , and her hands are long and covered in brown spots .
Nana talks in such a peaceful way .
Her tone of voice is so gentle and so calm .
It calms me down and freaks me out at the same time .
My parents told me that grandma is a very sick person .
When I go to sleep she is constantly sitting beside me .
And she is also watching me with eyes wide open .
Lately I ca n't get enough sleep because of that .
Nana gives me a feeling like I will get killed in my sleep .
It feels just like a horror movie .
Reality is killing me .
I love her but she scares the hell out of me .
While sleeping I can feel her rubbing my feet and touching my head .
It is a creepy feeling .
She does n't want to leave me .
I do n't know why .
Maybe she is afraid of dying alone .
I know she is ill .
But I never thought that it could be that serious .
I love my grandma .
She might be crazy , but I love her .
Feeling scared all the time will not stop me from loving her .
Understanding is the most important thing in this world .
We will never stop loving our grandparents !
My favourite TV show is " Pretty Little Liars " .
This show is about four girls , called Aria , Emily , Spencer and Hannah .
The girls used to hang out together , they spent all their free time together and they were absolutely best friends .
Allison was the girl who kept the group together : all of the girls liked her and she was always the centre of attention .
One night , they were sleeping in a barn and when Aria woke up , Spencer and Allison were gone !
Suddenly Spencer came to the barn again and told her friends that she had n't seen Allison , but she thought she 'd heard her scream .
From this day on , the girls drift apart .
Aria moves to Iceland and the other girls lose contact , and Allison is still missing .
When Aria comes home from Iceland , again , the girls get mysterious messages only signed with the letter " A " .
All of the messages include the girls ' secrets only Allison knew .
And then , Allison 's body is found .
In the show , the friends try to find out who " A " is and show Allison was murdered , while " A " turns their lives into hell .
I love the show , because it is completely thrilling and scary .
If you are a famous person , people believe you have a wonderful life .
Nevertheless , being famous has both its benefits and drawbacks .
First of all , celebrities are usually wealthy , so they have an easier life than other people .
Luxurious homes , cars , expensive clothes and other pleasures of life are then available when people become famous .
Moreover , they travel all around the world and spend their holidays in expensive resorts , get the best hotel rooms and the most efficient service .
On the other hand , lack of privacy is a major disadvantage in a famous person 's life , as their personal life 's boundaries are constantly crossed by paparazzi and journalists .
Besides , the more they succeed , the more their fans expect them to achieve .
Owing to this state of constant stress , many of them are bound to have alcoholism problems , drug - addiction and depression .
In conclusion , fame may be nice , but it 's not an easy path to walk on .
You have money but you do not feel safe . You have friends but you can never be sure if they like you or your money .
Hello John ,
I 'm really happy to spend six months in the UK , but it 's really important to plan my days in order to have a good time .
First of all , I would like to work for at least three months in a language school in London as an Italian teacher .
In this way , I 'd have the chance to get to know different people from all over the world and , at the same time , I 'd earn some money to visit the city and the castles of England , where many historic battles were fought .
I was wondering if you would mind asking around if a school is looking for a part - time teacher ?
After leaving London , I 'd love to do two months of volunteering at a children 's hospital in York .
I read in an ad on the internet that young people are asked to entertain sick children and I 'd be really happy to make them smile !
Will you help me to write a striking CV ?
My stay is going to conclude with a trip I 've always dreamed of : Cornwall .
I 'm meeting two friends of mine in Bristol where we 're renting a little car and we 're going to travel without a destination !
What do you think of my plan ?
I 'm looking forward to hearing from you !
Thank you for your advice . Kisses !
It had been a hot summer 's day .
Michel 's parents were out so it was the perfect excuse to have an amazing party in the living room , even though they forbade him meeting with friends .
When night fell and all the guests had arrived , Michael started to lose control of the situation .
Suddenly , a deafening noise coming from the dining room stopped the party , but nobody knew what had happened .
Almost immediately , the house was empty , and the music turned off , letting Michael realise that his grandmother 's vase , valued at £ 2000 was broken .
His parents finally came back after three days but it was obvious that something was wrong .
Michael decided to blame the dog for the unfortunate incident and when he told his father what had happened , he automatically put the dog up for adoption as it was n't the first time , despite Michael 's attempts to avoid him doing it .
Once they had arrived at the shelter , the family started to say goodbye to the dog , crying loudly .
Without looking back and getting into the car , Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
I would like to apply for the 12-month Internship Programme ( Marketing and Client Relations team ) at ICG as advertised on the Cambridge Careers website .
This position will allow me to gain an insight into the asset management industry .
The reputation for stability and consistency and the global leadership in mezzanine finance are my main reasons for applying to ICG .
Being awarded the " Private Equity Awards : Debt Firm of the Year 2013 " by Financial News has further confirmed my desire to work for this leading asset manager .
I am very interested in working in the financial markets .
Having lived in four different cities ( Brighton , London , Manchester and Cambridge ) in the UK , I have become more adaptable to new environments and keen to accept new challenges .
In addition , I believe my international exposure and fluency in English , Mandarin and Cantonese will be an invaluable asset to the company .
Given my strong academic background and my leadership experiences at university , including the completion of the Manchester Leadership Programme , I believe I am a strong candidate for this position . I enclose a copy of my CV and hope very much to be invited for interview .
Of course she was really afraid , because if she accepted that job , she would have to move to New York City .
She had dreamed of living there since she was a little girl , but she also realized that she would leave all the people that she cared about .
At this point , no one knew that she had had the interview and the interviewer told her that the job was hers .
Not even her boyfriend knew about this , and she felt ashamed because , deep inside her , she knew that he would feel betrayed and he probably would n't want to be with her anymore .
But if she did n't take this job , she would regret it her whole life , and living with that was something she was not willing to do .
So , she picked up all her stuff , left a note , and tearfully closed the door .
She thought that she could have done things differently , but it was too late to change them .
I am writing to you regarding your job advertisement .
I would like to apply for a position in any of your summer camps in the USA .
I am a very energetic , hardworking , caring , tolerant , fun - to - be - with 30-year - old woman who loves spending time with children .
Furthermore , as a former scout , I have the necessary skills for organizing different sports games and I am familiar with a wide range of evening activities .
In addition , as a mother of 8-and-12-year - old boys , I have a vast knowledge of children 's psychology and am an excellent cook .
Besides , while being an exchange student in the USA during my school years , I improved my English speaking and communication skills .
Regarding the living arrangements , as I understand it , food and accommodation are provided by the summer camp .
I will be more than happy to pay for my air tickets .
It would be my pleasure to visit the States again and take part in activities I enjoyed doing as a teenager .
And I am confident that I would be a useful member of your summer camp team .
Looking forward to your reply . Please feel free to ask me any questions .
Best regards ,
Mrs Kashubina
Very often people say " Family is the most important thing in life " or " My family is my biggest support " , and I agree .
When something important happens , the first person I will call is a member of my family .
But then , every once in a while , one can also hear stories of brothers fighting over the inheritance , or a parent not speaking to their child for making a wrong life decision .
In the majority of cases , members of a family have the same blood and genes and they also share living space .
This results in common opinions , support when there 's a problem and mutual understanding without many words .
On the other hand , we tend to have higher expectations and less patience when it comes to our loved ones .
The members of your family indeed are your best friends , but only if you do n't take them for granted , if you respect them and their space and opinion .
One should also bear in mind that sometimes it 's necessary to compromise , especially when it comes to material or financial issues .
Once you accept that your sibling , although similar , is n't the same as you , or that your child has a different view on their future , it 's easier to embrace the differences and be a supportive family member .
And at the end of the day , nothing can beat homemade comfort food and a laugh with your family .
I was asked last week to write a report about the best places for young people in my area .
These are my findings and my recommendations .
1- Facts and Findings .
- The unrivaled place for young people is the municipal center for youth .
This innovative center has a lot of first - class facilities for young people .
It has a professional rehearsal studio that local music groups can just rent for pocket money , they can also rent instruments by paying a small refundable deposit .
A small cinema , a library , games rooms , a TV - room with an enormous flat screen TV where teenagers usually watch football matches , a basic gym , and a little arena .
- The second best place is a private disco for youngsters .
It was renovated last year and regulars like it a lot .
The main problem is the high price of the tickets .
Kids have to pay 10 euros just for entrance before getting anything else .
- There is another place where local youths spend a lot of hours ; the new and magnificent mall .
It has 150 stores and about 40 fast - food restaurants .
They especially like the music store and the magnificent t - shirt store owned by two local designers . There you can design your own item and collect it the following week .
These are the main places where young people usually go .
Dear Sir / Madam ,
My name is Susanne White and I would like to apply for the position as a camp assistant advertised in the Crash Magazine .
I will be on vacation from July to September and I would be glad to work with children again .
Two years ago , I developed a project called : Our talent for Poetry and Painting , within an association for orientation of children and teenagers .
Apart from my experience in the Arts , I also have been doing gymnastics for ten years ; therefore , I am a sporty girl .
In addition , I believe I am suitable for this position because I have the ability to speak with people of different nationalities in English and French , and I am enthusiastic about camping .
Enclosed I also send the reference letters written by the director and supervisor of the Talent Proof Association , where I worked with children , in order to support my social skills and crisis management competence .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Yours faithfully ,
Susanne White
The importance of cleanliness around us is not understood till it takes a toll on our health .
An individual must be aware of the result of his actions on the environment , be it due to personal or professional actions , in order to maintain it in a healthy state .
In Clayton , my hometown , people are fond of maintaining the environment and they actively participate in encouraging people who try to work towards its progress as well as in protesting against those who tend to cause harm to it .
The municipal board of Clayton conducts meetings fortnightly to inform people about the improvements that have been made and that have been planned to be implemented in future in the town .
Representatives elected by respective communities attend the meeting .
It is then their responsibility to communicate the message to all members of their community .
These meetings are organized according to their planned schedule and the results were surprising .
Earlier , regardless of whether the rubbish was recyclable or not , it was disposed of in the same bin .
Later , people were educated regarding recyclable , non - recyclable and organic waste and were also informed that the rubbish was to be disposed of in different bins .
This rubbish was collected by the municipal board on a daily basis and proper disposal methods were employed .
Development was also happening at the same time which was good for our town , but , lots of trees were also cut down as a result .
People started protesting against them to avoid any further damage to the environment .
Hence , the municipal board decided to invite the developers to the meeting that was scheduled for a weeks ' time .
In the meeting , it was decided that on the following Sunday everyone would plant a tree that would be provided by the municipal board for free .
On the following Sunday , as discussed , trees were planted and before we realized it , they started adding beauty to our town .
Taking care of the environment is everyone 's duty and it must be done responsibly .
The municipal board of Clayton does an excellent job of educating its people to keep the environment in a healthy state .
I hope people will take them as an example and introduce similar ideas in their own towns or villages .
After all , it is the place we all live in .
One day Michael woke up from a strange dream , the dream was focused on a camera that was following a shadow in front of it .
Everything was dark except for a ray of light that probably started at the end of that .
The shadow kept walking and running from what Michael supposed was a threat .
Michael was confused , he did n't know why he had dreamed that . He thought it would be better to forget about it , so he stopped thinking about his dream .
That day Michael had to go to work , so he got up from his bed and went to his bathroom .
When he was ready , he took his keys and everything he needed , he locked the door and went to his job .
He took his car and drove to the flat .
When he arrived at the building where he worked , he took the elevator and went to his floor .
Since he had entered the building he had had a strange feeling . When he arrived at his office , Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Hi Jose ,
Further to our phone conversation of last week , I would first like to thank you for giving me this chance to talk to you , and following up on our discussion , please note that we have been approached by the purchasing department at the hospital to give them our maximum discount to secure the deal as a lot of brokers were quoting with a very competitive price which was very close to our cost .
In light of the above , and as agreed , I seek your kind help in approving the price of $ 30.00 each to close this deal in a safe way .
Thank you and best regards ,
Mohamed
Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately .
He was in a deep forest and a young woman he had just met was about to give birth to her child .
Peter had already called an ambulance 30 minutes ago but it seemed that they could n't find them .
He knew he had to do something in this moment because otherwise something bad may happen ...
" Please , do something . I 'm scared " sighed the woman whose name was Mindy .
Peter took out his mobile , dialed 112 and told the dispatcher about that whole situation .
The dispatcher told Peter to calm down and check if he had scissors , towels and water in his car .
Then she tried to calm Mindy down and helped Peter to deliver the baby .
The dispatcher told him every little thing he had to do .
After an hour Mindy was holding her baby- girl and Peter was trying to realize what had just happened .
" Never would I have thought that I 'd go out of my house and come back as almost a midwife ... " thought Peter when he was driving back home .
Computers have become an essential part of our lives in the last few decades .
They have replaced many things , like books .
It is true that because of computers , we do many things fast and easily .
However , they have stopped us from doing many fun things as well . What are those things ? Do we really need computers ? Are they really helping us ?
We use computers to help us with so many different types of things .
To begin with , they help us solve really complex mathematical equations .
They were invented to help us calculate things in the first place , anyway .
Computers are an essential part of NASA , since they try to calculate really complex equations to help them solve the mysteries of space .
But we , ordinary people , do n't use computers to solve equations , we use them to type things , print things , design things , make games and to do much more ...
We have made programs that make computers do very interesting things , like graphics .
And we use graphics to make all kinds of things , like games or 3D house models that help engineers .
Furthermore , the major thing that computers made easier for us is communication .
Humans are social animals , we communicate because communication is in our genes . If we do n't communicate we go insane .
So computers help us do that . They help us share our thoughts and feelings with other people easily .
Finally , while doing this they actually save us from using a lot of paper .
So computers help us with so many things and also save trees .
On the other hand , computers have very bad effects on both us , and the environment .
For example , research has shown that not computers themselves , but the things we use or play on them are addictive , like social networks or games .
Also , looking at a screen is tiring for your eyes and if your eyes get too tired they can get damaged forever .
Despite the fact that computers decreased the use of paper , they 're still harmful to the environment since they consume tonnes of electricity .
Computers have made our lives easier without doubt , so it is normal that they have some bad effects .
There is a saying in Turkish saying ' If you love a rose , you have to withstand its thorns ' .
So it is normal that computers have bad effects on us and the environment .
In my opinion , computers might be the best invention ever made , since they 've become an essential part of our daily lives and since we rely on them so much .
To whom it may concern ,
Lucila Marcelo
Lucila Marcelo and I met at secondary school and we have been friends for seven years .
We have also worked together at a kindergarten for some time and this year we started our studies at an institute in order to become primary teachers .
As a result of having shared many experiences together , I have come to know her and her abilities very well .
Lucila has proved herself to be an extremely sincere and reliable person since I met her .
As a student , she is persistent and hardworking as well as respected by teachers and students because of her warmth and kindness .
Lucila is the eldest of six siblings , so she is used to babysitting children .
In the past , she had some difficulty keeping her room neat , but , as she has grown up , she has become a far more disciplined and tidy person .
When we worked at the kindergarten , she was very patient and caring with the children and she was also willing to help them whenever they had a problem , even if that implied hard work for her .
I can confirm that she had a special connection with the kids : she was admired by those who had a great time with her .
Lucila has been studying English for five years , and she is quite fluent .
Moreover , she has been to a camp in Australia in which she was a coordinator of a group of twenty kids .
As a result of her experience , Lucila has developed an incredible ability to solve any problem that may arise .
Lucila has always wanted to work with children and she is interested in a job that would also help her develop her English skills .
She would undoubtedly do an excellent job and , for the reasons I have given , I have no hesitation in supporting her application .
Yours faithfully ,
Schools and working life : a report
To the Italian education authorities
In this report , I will describe the school system in my country , point out its flaws and conclude giving suggestions about how they could be addressed .
The current situation
In Italy , students have to decide between grammar schools and technical institutes as their secondary school type .
Most people think that choosing a grammar school is the best option , because it opens the door to university , while technical institutes are put in a corner .
That is actually a mistake , because the schools who best prepare students for working life are technical institutes , who emphasize the real - world applications of the studied subjects through laboratories and industry experiences .
Conversely , grammar schools focus extremely on theory .
In fact , students learn lots of formulas and principles without actually linking them with one another in order to use them in real life .
I think that problem should be addressed .
Suggestions
What I would suggest in order to deal with this problem is to integrate more laboratory experiences in grammar schools also , like chemistry experiments or bacteria observation with microscopes .
Furthermore , schools should offer a year in industry for students in the last two years , which would not only teach them a lot more than school only would , but it would also attract more people to the school itself .
Conclusion
People should get used to the fact that most companies will also care about your previous work experience , and the idea of gaining that through school would be really appealing .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
I am writing to apply for a position working in a summer camp in the USA .
I am a native Spanish speaker who has a very good level of English and I have also spent 5 years living in the United Kingdom .
I am a friendly , happy , hardworking person with a lot of energy .
I have had 5 years ' experience working with children as a language teacher .
I am used to organising sporting events and fun activities for children and teenagers aged 6 - 19 .
In addition , I have experience working in restaurants during the summer , so I am used to all types of kitchen duties including cooking and washing up .
I believe I would be the perfect candidate for this position and I would be happy to attend a Skype interview whenever is convenient for you .
I am sure that it would be a very interesting and challenging position and I would really enjoy the opportunity to work at your camp this summer .
I look forward to hearing from you in the near future .
Yours faithfully ,
Miss Theresa Anderson
Subjects that should be taught at school .
Nobody can argue with the fact that education is a crucial period in the development of a child .
Learning new languages is very important , but also studying subjects related to computers and technology , like computer programming , is becoming more and more useful than ancient languages like Greek or Latin .
This is because technology has become a relevant tool for work and study , in particular , and an important tool in life in general .
It is quite evident that learning ancient languages today is not as relevant as it is used to be in the past .
On the one hand , it allows students to understand and translate ancient texts and helps them to learn about cultures from the past .
On the other hand , this does not bring very many employment opportunities .
Recent surveys proved that the study of these languages does not add much to the students ' future success .
Learning computer programming , guarantees a good living .
It is a known fact that there are very few computer programmers .
Furthermore , as technology changes more and more , there will be a greater demand for these skills in the future .
It is evident that technology is important in every aspect of our lives .
In conclusion , there are a lot of subjects that might be taught at school , but there is no doubt that Computer Programming should be included as a highlighted subject in the syllabus of any serious school 's programme .
Okay , so I 'm going to talk about One Direction .
I have considered them my favorite band since 2010 , because I had the chance to get to meet them watching The X Factor episode where they auditioned .
When I was in middle - school , back in 2011 , I noticed that they had already released their first single called What Makes You Beautiful , so I listened to it and obviously fell in love with it , and with their first album too , named Up All Night .
When they released their second album , I was so excited about it and I waited like 2 hours in the line at a music shop to get it . Years passed by , and I was still a fan of them , as I am now .
I have been following them almost 6 years in a row !
I ca n't wait for them to go back to all the stages and arenas to sing , because I 'm going to their 2017 or 2018 tour no matter what , as I did back in 2012 and 2015 .
Groban : All that echoes
' All that echoes ' , by Josh Groban , is the sixth studio album of this American singer and songwriter .
It includes twelve tracks to enjoy that you wait impatiently for the next song .
That fascinating album surprises not only with the variety of subjects , but also with the strength of the instrumental sounds .
The first single , ' Brave ' , is a chart - topping song about emotions such as fear and fight .
The arrangements are simple and effective and the powerful voice plays harmoniously with the rich sound .
It is bound to be at the top of my list . '
False alarm ' , which is the second track , is totally different and mysterious because of the wealth of musical instruments .
Groban sings the well - known from the film ' Once " song called ' Falling slowly ' in his own fantastic way , but listeners used to the first version might be disappointed .
Musically satisfying , ' Happy in my heartache ' , tells the story of tragic love .
Once again , Groban fascinates audiences from all over the world with his mature voice and catchy tunes .
I definitely recommend that album for your collection .
It 's a must !
Once upon a time , in a large town there lived a young man who worked at a post office .
His main task was to collect letters from abroad and to hand them to THE postmen WHO WERE in charge of DELIVERING them to THE addressees .
Thus , every day he had a chance to see where the letters came from .
He DEVELOPED AN INTEREST in FOREIGN COUNTRIES .
Besides , he also came to be keen on learning foreign languages , so much so that he decided to enroll in courses in French and German .
He became HIGHLY skilled at writing in these languages and this ability turned OUT to be useful in his job .
One day , he took part in a competition intended for the selection of the head of the post office where he was still working .
The LARGE NUMBER OF participants DID VARIOUS EXERCISES , INCLUDING a TRANSLATION into German .
When the exam was finished , he went out of the room where the competition had been held .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Dear Sir / Madam ,
The reason I am writing to you is the poor quality of a food processor which I bought in your store two weeks ago .
After using it two times , problems started to appear .
I noticed that the first malfunction was the safety lock , which demanded applying great force .
My wife had to ask me for help , because she was n't strong enough to push the safety lock through .
We discovered another problem when we tried to use the blender .
I put some ice cream and milk in the blender and pushed the " start " button .
It started working , but suddenly got stuck and we have been unable to use it since .
I was very surprised to discover that many problems in quite an expensive model .
Naturally , I returned the blender to you to be replaced with a new one .
Your assistant said that I would have to wait only a week .
After two weeks , the food processor had still not arrived .
Finally , four weeks later , I was contacted by your representative .
Imagine my feelings when I learned from him that I ca n't receive the same model of food processor as I bought .
As a solution , he offered to upgrade my model to a better one and this , too , would take two weeks .
I am very disappointed with both the equipment and the service I have received .
Therefore , I expect a refund of the full amount , $ 180 , as soon as possible .
Yours faithfully ,
Smith
Dear Mr Cunningham ,
I am writing to apply for the post of camp monitor which I saw advertised on the university website .
I am very interested in it because I would like to broaden my experience in activities with children .
Not only do I have a big nuclear family which is made up of four siblings , but I also have a big extended family .
Besides , as I am the eldest brother , I am used to dealing with children .
Regarding my experience , on the one hand , I belong to a soccer club at university . Consequently , I have some experience working in a team .
On the other hand , I have just finished my first year of a Physical Education degree , where we played a lot of different sports .
It is true that water sports are not the most usual there , but , I enjoy doing them every summer at the beach .
Although I am Spanish and English is not my first language , I can speak fluently because my mother is Irish and she always used to speak English to us .
I feel I am the person you are looking for because I am patient and alert .
These are the most important skills when you deal with children , due to the fact that you need to keep on the lookout for their behaviour .
Moreover , from my point of view , children need to focus their attention on constant activity . My sense of humour and creativity allow me to change activities quickly in order to keep their attention .
If you offer me the chance to join your team , you will not be disappointed .
I would appreciate a reply at your earliest convenience .
Please contact me regarding any queries you may have .
Yours sincerely ,
These days , travelling by car is becoming more popular among urban people .
This kind of transport is regarded as a convenient way to travel .
Governments build more roads and more families are able to afford cars .
As a result , some people hold the opinion that in the future , there will be no public transport .
However , I disagree with this idea .
Instead , I think that public transport will play an essential part in future life .
There are three advantages of public transport over private cars that I want to describe .
On the one hand , it is environmentally friendly to use public transport rather than cars .
Nowadays , buses using electronic power instead of petrol have appeared in cities .
They emit no gas into the air , leading to little air pollution .
In the meantime , if people prefer to take buses or subways , there will be less noise in the streets .
On the other hand , buses and subways can accommodate more passengers , while a car can only hold 4 to 5 people in total .
Compared with cars , public transport has a larger capacity , which saves space and costs less .
Last but not least , fewer car accidents will happen if people choose to use public transport , so traffic jams will be avoided especially in rush hours .
Thus , it will be more smooth and pleasant for passengers to travel on the road .
In conclusion , public transport is a cost - effective way for people to travel which also contributes to the sustainable development of society .
" Educational institutions have a responsibility to dissuade students from pursuing fields of study in which they are unlikely to succeed . "
The statement claims that the educational institutions are responsible for convincing students not to put too much effort into fields or subjects that they are not good at , which I can not agree with .
This statement fails to consider the main function of education , which is not training superstars or perfect robots but teaching students how to face and solve the problems they are confronted with instead of running away .
The responsibility of educational institutions should be helping and guiding students to make their own decisions , not making decisions for students .
Among the various purposes of education , in my opinion , the most important one is teaching students to solve problems .
Confronting the challenging instead of turning aside , trying to think of possible solutions instead of giving up at the beginning , always being positive about the unknown instead of negative and retreating . All these are the main reasons why humankind can keep improving .
Transferring this knowledge and experience to young people is the meaning of education .
If the educational institutions always stopped students from trying just because they have less chance of being successful , we 'll never have people like Thomas Edison or Albert Einstein , who were considered as stupid kids in school but did n't give up trying .
Convincing students to take a more comfortable road by giving up the possible risk is definitely not the proper attitude the educational institution should have .
One may suggest that everyone needs to learn to assess the risk before investing , however , teaching students how to assess , not assessing for students , is the responsibility of educational institutions .
Truly , knowing one 's limit is the first step to bringing out the maximum value of one 's talent .
It 's not smart to encourage people to do what exceeds their ability .
Nevertheless , the ability to identify one 's limits can be best learned from experience .
One would never know he / she can swim or not without jumping into the swimming pool .
The responsibility of educational institutions is to make sure that he / she wo n't be in danger in the swimming pool instead of dissuading him / her from getting close to the water .
Educational institutions should guide students to have better self - understanding and self - assessment , not persuade them to follow a pre - decided path .
Last but not least , what is the definition of " success " ?
How do the educational institutions judge a student being likely to succeed or not ?
What if a student would rather to do something he / she likes instead of something he / she is good at ?
Not everyone is living for the kind of success which most people agree with , such as wealth , fame or power .
For some people , living a life which enables them do what they like and like what they are doing is enough to be considered as a successful life .
They might not be the best , but they are self - actualized and satisfied , and only in such a situation can they provide most to the world , just like Albert Einstein said , " Try not to become a man of success but rather to become a man of value . "
Considering all the above , I can not agree with the statement that persuading students not to pursue fields of study in which they have less possibility to be successful is the responsibility of educational institutions .
In my opinion , the purpose of education is to teach and guide students how to face problems and make their own decisions properly , not force them to accept what has already been arranged for them .
Contribution
The most popular TV programme in Germany is definitely the news programme " Tagesschau " , which airs about three times a day on the channel " Das Erste / ARD " .
It is a news programme based on well - researched facts and offers a wide range of all the important information you need .
Every now and then , they even air an extra report on a certain field , like the European election or the crisis in the Ukraine .
The main reason for its popularity is its accuracy and funded research , which make it more reliable than other news programmes .
Moreover , they try to be interesting to all ages , so they post on Facebook and Twitter as well , which draws the attention of the younger generation to the programme .
Nevertheless , they always inform about the latest news on their website and in their TV show as soon as possible and , in addition , they give a great overview of the necessary background information you need .
I strongly believe that this TV programme deserves its popularity .
The way they present themselves in the media and the well - founded research are truly unique in German news programmes .
Although I rarely watch the show on TV , I like the way they are trying to keep up with modern technology and that they are always making boring news so vivid and interesting through short video clips , pictures and their choice of words .
If you ever get to watch TV in Germany , you should definitely check out this interesting news programme .
Dear Emma ,
I was so glad to read your letter about your new job .
How is it ?
Have you got friendly colleagues ?
Do you get along with your boss ?
Last summer , I finally managed to change my boring job and that tiny clothes job for a better one .
I worked at the local cinema where Fred was also working .
It was amazing !
We 'd get there at about half past eight every day and start cleaning the main room proceeding with the smaller rooms in the cinema .
It was a lot of fun , mainly because it was just us two .
We 'd make jokes and chase each other with brooms , trying to smack each other on the head .
The main advantage of working at the local cinema was the free popcorn and getting to enjoy the latest films .
We got to see the new Bond movie and also the blockbuster Spiderman 3 there .
My job was cleaning the cinema , but Fred 's main responsibility was to play the movies for the clients , so I 'd make sure I finished cleaning earlier , so I could enjoy watching the movies with him .
But enough about me ! Tell me about you !
Have you finally asked Mark out ?
I ca n't wait for you to answer .
I 'll write soon !
Love ,
For the last ten years , Michael had been working for a well - known company in London as an accountant .
He did like his job but , as we all know , sometimes people suddenly feel they have to change something .
They do n't know exactly what they should do , what to change - buy a new pair of shoes or maybe do something more - move to a different city or even to a foreign country .
Michael had exactly the same problem .
One day , he woke up much earlier than usual .
He made a coffee for himself and turned the TV on to watch the news .
He sat on the sofa in front of the television and , suddenly , he realised that every morning was exactly the same , nothing had changed for so many years ! "
I ca n't stand it any longer " - he thought .
But what to do ?
A crazy idea came to his mind .
Since Michael was a child he had always dreamt of moving to Australia , where he could go kitesurfing all day long , meet open - minded people , chill on a sandy beach and drink good Australian alcohol .
" Why should n't I give myself a chance to make my dreams come true ?
People have only one life , not more ! "
At that moment , he was pretty sure what to do now .
He took a sheet of paper and a pen and started to write .
After 10 minutes , a resignation letter was ready to take to Michael 's boss .
He arrived at the company as quickly as the crowded London streets allowed him .
" I need to talk to the boss " - he said to Jane , the main secretary of the company .
Without waiting for her answer , he just went into the office , gave Mike , his boss for 10 years , an envelope with the resignation letter and left .
It all took about 3 minutes .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Sometimes we do things we do n't want to for no apparent reason but some other times we know exactly what we are getting into .
Michael had cheated on her and he did it consciously .
There was no way to shine a different light on that fact .
He tried in his mind to go back to that moment , when his lips were getting closer to Jane , to that last look before the embrace , to the previous smile .
There was no one else to blame but him .
Regret had been filling up his soul since last Friday .
He could not keep his betrayal inside any longer , so he went into the living room and told her .
The words coming out of his mouth like a litany , almost mechanically , as he realized that there was no turning back .
Tears ran down Rachel 's face .
No words , not a single comment .
She just stood up , took her purse , and left .
The relief of telling her was instantly replaced by a bitter hollowness .
He now realized .
He did n't do it for her , he only did it for himself , to get rid of his burden , but it was far too late .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
The Beautiful Game
Glitz , glamour and popularity ; three words which are often linked to the world of football , and this sport is no doubt one of the finest that man has created .
The stars playing this game add to the already amassed recognition of the sport .
Weekends would be a drag if match days were not on television .
The 90 minutes is the most enjoyed time of the week though , because of the adrenalin rush that is associated with everything that is done on the pitch .
As a fan , supporting a team is just one part of the sport .
Rivalries , arguments about which team is the best team and watching matches in a group just add to the excitement .
These are just some of the many things that make me love this sport so much .
In the 21st century , advice is something that is only given and that given advice is never taken .
With regard to this sport , any advice , in my opinion , is good advice and I have just a single piece of advice for someone starting this sport , and that advice would be to enjoy everything related to the sport .
Nowadays students need to learn both language and mathematics until they go to university , even some of them still need to study them at university .
A large number of examples prove that some of them are good at language whereas others are skilled at mathematics .
This essay will discuss the differences and similarities between learning a language and learning mathematics .
The ways of learning a language and mathematics are different .
For studying a language , people need to communicate with others to improve their speaking and listening levels and read a variety of foreign - language books to increase their reading and writing skills .
Furthermore , people need to have a good memory to remember a large number of words .
In general , studying a language focuses more on a large amount of individual effort and little talent .
However , for learning mathematics , students need to listen carefully in the class and find some rules to solve questions . Instead of rote learning , they should remember different types of formulas by practicing a mass of examples .
To sum up , teachers , skills and talent are more important for learning mathematics .
However , there are some similarities between those two subjects .
Firstly , both those courses need to do a mass of practices , even though the methods are different .
People need to spend a huge amount of time on doing exercises after class .
Secondly , associability is important for both languages and mathematics .
For example , when people learn a new word or a formula , they need to think about how to use it in real sentences or exercises .
In conclusion , people need to find the right way which can save a lot of time and energy to study these two subjects .
It is the most important thing that they should think about carefully before they start their studies .
Shenzhen - China 's largest migrant city and a neighbor of Hong Kong - is a remarkable place that I call home .
Most Shenzhen residents come from different cultural backgrounds and speak various regional dialects .
Meanwhile , we embrace a superordinate Shenzhen identity , which is characterized by a culture of openness , tolerance , and creativity .
Our differences , it seems , do not make a difference .
However , when I was young I soon discovered that some dimensions of difference do carry social significance .
As a child who did not play with " boys ' toys " and identified as gay later , I was often subjected to disdain and hostility from peers and adults .
Ironically , the marginalization comes not only from society at large , but also from within the gay community .
A feminine gay man is considered as less than his masculine counterpart , because femininity is regarded as weak , unattractive , and second - class .
This experience of amplified minority stress prompted me to think about intergroup and intragroup interaction early in life .
It has led me to believe that masculinity should not be an indicator of individual worth .
Nor should sexuality , skin color , and other identity markers - whether visible or invisible .
Anna knew that was going to be a very special day for her .
That morning she woke up in a very good mood .
It was the day of her birthday , so she decided to go out with friends .
She chose a cosy little restaurant near her house .
She did not suspect that it would be such a wonderful evening .
As soon as Anna and her friends went into the restaurant , everything started to go perfectly .
They had all got special clothes and dressed up in colourful , old - fashioned dresses .
The moment the door opened was the most exciting in Anna 's life .
She jumped for joy .
She said to her friends : ' This is the best party ever !
Thank you so much ! ' .
She started to dance with an Elvis look - alike , laugh and enjoy every single minute .
As it turned out later , to Anna 's surprise , it was her boyfriend dressed as Elvis .
She was embarrassed that she did not recognise him .
But immediately she realized that it was one of her friends ' tricky plans and she started to laugh with them .
After a few exciting hours of the party she said thank you to her friends and boyfriend and promised she would never forget what they had done for her .
She went to sleep with the belief that she was the happiest girl in the world .
The Alhambra
The Alhambra is a beautiful palace which is situated in Granada , in the south of Spain .
Its historical importance lies in the fact that this place represents the fall of the Muslim kingdom in my country .
The Catholic Monarchs , Isabella and Ferdinad , had tried for several years to defeat the Muslims , who at that time , only remained seated in the city of Granada .
The Alhambra Palace was the residence of Boabdil , the last Muslim king , who was defeated in 1492 after delivering Granada to the Catholic Monarchs .
Nowadays , this palace is one of the most visited places here in Spain because of its beauty and its impressive courtyards .
You can see the history of the Reconquets in its walls and towers .
Its surroundings are also wonderful , and the city invites you to spend more time in the Alhambra , one of the last Muslim palaces in the world .
Hi Paul ,
How are you doing ?
I haven't seen you for almost two months but , as you know , in November I had a unique opportunity to help at a concert that took place on an airport runway and it was a simply amazing experience !
I 'm sure you know that I 'm obsessed with rock music and that is why I could n't miss the boat .
The event started at 7 p.m. but all the volunteers who had signed a contract had to work from 8 a.m. Everything has to be perfect during such events , so we had no time to relax or even eat a decent meal !
The whole process of selling the tickets was fascinating because of the demand for them .
People looked like aggressive monsters and I realised that they are close to killing their every single ' rival ' .
Security guards had a lot of work to do but , thanks to them , we stood a chance of dealing with other problems , such as , for example , regulating the quality of the sound .
I was incredibly overjoyed when the culmination came .
The band was playing , we were enjoying the music and it seemed that there would be no more complications .
What you actually think at such an extraordinary moment is that life could n't be more beautiful .
Take care , Paul .
When you come to my town , we 'll go out to a rock concert together ! Ca n't wait !
Warm regards
Adam
Hi Paul ,
just a quick answer your request .
I do n't have much time , because I 'm taking off in 10 minutes to help at another concert .
So , the deal is , I met this guy , Ron , in the bar and we started talking .
After a few drinks , I told him that I 'm currently looking for a job , nothing big , just a couple of hours during weekends to make some money for my journey to the Netherlands .
Remember , I told you about it last time , when we met Jenny .
Anyway , it turned out that the guy works in this agency , they organise concerts , parties and stuff like that , and he offered me the job !
The perfect one !
It 's literally 10 - 15 hours on Friday nights and Saturdays , stuff like carrying instruments ( which means hanging out with musicians ) , tidying after ( finding things , like wallets and cellphones ) and , generally speaking , - helping .
Last week I worked most the of time with the manager of The Kooks .
I went to Krakow and spent all day " planning " their stay in Poland .
In fact , I had to be everywhere with the guy , just hanging and helping him not to get lost in the city .
He 's a really nice guy . During the concert we had a few drinks , smoked some fags together .
I tell you , I meet so many people nowadays that I do n't even remember their names .
The salary is nice too .
Usually I get 12 PLN per hour ( yeah , I know , It 's like 2.50 pounds , but here it 's quite good ) but sometimes I get some extra money for staying after hours or when I do something unusual to help .
Last time , it was , for example , delivering my drunk boss home ;)
I have to go now .
Take care and call me on Skype tomorrow - I 'll tell you so much more . I have loads of unbelievable stories !
Cheers ,
Arek
Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately .
He said to himself : What have I done ?
Why have I killed him ?
I 'm a chemist , I ca n't kill people because I want to .
He had to take the man 's body and hide it somewhere .
The police were going to come at any time .
He grabbed the body and put it in the car 's trunk .
He went to his lab and showed his partner the dead body .
His partner said : " Man , we have to do something and quick " .
They grabbed the body and soaked it in fuel .
Then they went to the dead man 's car and put him in there .
Later , when they were sure that there was no one near , they burned the car .
The killer 's partner felt guilty for a moment , but then the killer told him : ' He deserved it .
He tried to kill me after killing lots of other people . '
Sadly , the police found out that it was them .
Thanks to the fact that the judge 's best friend had been killed by the man the chemist killed , they went free and without bad feeling .
A modern interpretation of Austen 's Classic Love Story
The glorious world of Jane Austen is brought back to the silver screen in Pride & Prejudice , a 2005 British film based on the novel of the same title , published in 1813 .
Joe Wright directs this uplifting adaptation , which depicts the five Bennet sisters , who have been brought up to get married .
The enthusiastic and clever Elizabeth stands out among them , striving to put everything in a broader perspective .
However , their whole lives will be turned upside down when an eligible bachelor and his friends set up home in a nearby mansion .
Surprisingly enough , sparks fly when spirited Elizabeth Bennet ( Keira Knightley ) meets single , rich , and proud Mr. Darcy ( Matthew Macfadyen ) .
In the end , will each one be able to overcome their own pride and prejudice ?
Keira Knightley , in the lead role of Elizabeth Bennet , delivers an outstanding performance .
In fact , the film , well cast from top to bottom , is highlighted by a compelling soundtrack and a set of beautiful English locations , as in many British productions .
In this adaptation , the screenwriter makes some substantial alterations to the novel .
Therefore , dialogues , settings as well as politeness , costumes and hairstyles are meant to give it greater public appeal , sacrificing historical accuracy .
Thus , overlapping dialogues are introduced in a mixture of modern idiom and archaic sentence structure , several scenes have been shifted to more romantic settings , and the proximity of the Bennets to their rural life is stressed to illustrate their relative poverty in contrast with the rich characters of the story .
To conclude , Pride & Prejudice is an amazing adaptation which completely bewitches you with an exquisite blend of emotion and wit .
In fact , in its final minutes , it makes you believe , for one misty - eyed moment , in true love and in order reigning in the universe .
By the way , if you haven't seen this romantic , funny , well - acted and well - scripted film yet ; give it a try !
Dear Sir / Madam ,
I am writing in order to apply for the position in your Film Club for students of English .
I am a 45-year - old man and I have plenty of experience of working with people .
I used to work with young people in primary and secondary schools , teaching Spanish language .
Although I still have not passed the FCE exam , I am currently working hard to achieve that goal very soon .
Above all , I am interested in films .
Science fiction are my favourite type of films because I like to leave behind normal life . Nevertheless , I enjoy all kinds of films such as comedies , thrillers , westerns , horror films and even silent films .
I think I am right for the position because I think I can boost the motivation of people about movies and push them to share their particular point of view .
As far as the job is concerned , working on Monday and Wednesday evening would be perfect for me because I am currently unemployed .
Please feel free to ask for further information if you need it .
I look forward to hearing from you very soon .
Yours faithfully ,
Juan
Dear James ,
Thank you for accepting our invitation to give a talk at our club .
Our club members are thrilled to know that an international sports star like you is coming to see them .
In reference to the speech date , the best would be June 12 , in the evening , when all the members will have finished their classes at school .
The children are aged between ten and sixteen and they enjoy playing football and swimming .
I 'm sure we 'll all enjoy your speech .
What about talking about fair play in sport and how to become a sports star ?
We believe that fair play is a very important topic , because children must learn to behave properly when playing a sport .
Also , we think that becoming a sports star is difficult and it would be a good idea to talk about it , because some of the club members wrongly think it is easy to succeed at playing a sport .
Looking forward to seeing you on 12 June .
Kind regards ,
John
I love to write .
It is a method I use to relax , unwind and revive myself .
Our mind is always full of thoughts .
Some of these thoughts make us smile , some make us frown .
But all these are addressed through writing .
Writing should be done naturally ; only then it serves its real purpose .
I have written many poems , a few articles and even a few stories .
It is certainly a pleasure to write and also to read what I have written , after a long time .
Many times , reading my own poems and articles is a surprising experience . "
Am I the same person who wrote this ?
" I ask myself , wondering how I came up with some ideas and words that seem just so good and uncommon right now .
Other than myself , I have had few people read what I have written ; very few , I must say ; maybe only 2 or 3 ; and they were not critics or experts .
So , I have yet to submit myself to some serious criticism ( well , calling my writings literature is a huge joke in itself ... anyway ) ; but yes , I would like to place my written works ( however small and few they may be)for qualitative discussion in front of people who really can identify the good and the ' not - so - good ' writing .
I would like to get good advice about how I can make myself a better writer .
Let 's see when and how that happens ... !
It 's very common to hear people talking about friendship , but are we sure about the real meaning of it ?
Do we know what it means to be a friend ?
Firstly , we ought to consider that friendship is not uniquely a human emotion .
Friendship is overall an act of will .
Friendship is a type of love which is characterized by being unconditional , reciprocal , and ready to forgive each other .
A friend is a treasure , as in the title of that adventure - comedy film , somebody you can share your problems with .
Somebody who listens to you talking about your dreams and wishes , your expectations and your efforts and sacrifices to get them , your plans for the future , and moreover , pays special attention in times of crisis .
This is why the members of my family are my best friends .
My family loves me whatever I think or whatever I do , no matter if it is correct or not .
They love me just because I am me , for who I am .
They are always going to tell me the truth although this truth could hurt me , because they always want me to be happy .
Finally , they warn me of danger but they let me do something , even if in the end I make a big mistake . They will always keep close to me and none of them would fail me .
They feel happy when I am happy , they are sad when I am sad , they enjoy my success .
They are , definitely , my best friends .
The painting is an amazing one and one should definitely take a look at it in order to appreciate its full beauty .
The Mona Lisa is perhaps Leonardo DaVinci 's most famous of paintings .
It is an oil painting , painted on poplar wood .
The painting is most famous for the smile of the woman , which people have been trying to decipher for a long time .
Many believe that the portrait is that of DaVinci himself , while many also see a lot mystical connections in this painting .
The portrait depicts a woman 's head and shoulders , with a distant landscape that is visible in the backdrop .
Leonardo used a pyramid design to situate the woman in a simple and calm manner within the painting .
The woman is shown with her hands folded , with her breast , neck , and face painted the same color as her hands .
The light is diffused so that the various curves and geometrical shapes in the painting are made visible through it .
Perhaps the most interesting thing about the painting is the woman 's smile .
Many believe that it is innocent and inviting , while others believe it is that of smugness and is a smirk .
Many scientific studies have been undertaken to determine the exact nature of the smile and the real reason remains a mystery .
It is believed that every person sees the smile differently because of the changes in the lighting that Leonardo presented .
The woman is shown seated in an open area , and behind her is a vast landscape , which recedes to an icy mountain .
Some winding paths and a faraway bridge is also perceptible in the background .
The painting is an amazing one and one should definitely take a look at it in order to appreciate its full beauty .
The painting is currently on display at the Musee du Louvre , in Paris .
Over the past few years , the Internet has become an important part of our lives .
We use it to communicate with friends , to play games , to watch series , the list is endless .
Unfortunately , it is not perfect .
Because the more people use the Internet , the greater the chances are of people misusing it .
Luckily , the government intervenes to preserve the safety of the Internet .
What it comes down to is , should the Internet be more tightly controlled by governments ?
Without the intervention of the government , criminals may see their chances to take advantage of internet users .
They could get into our computers and steal our information .
They could use that information to get into our bank accounts and steal our money .
However , if the government were to monitor the citizens ' actions more closely , it would be considered an invasion of our privacy .
Nobody wants to have their private data exposed to the eyes of the government .
This brings me to the next issue .
The reason why the government even take action is to ensure people are able to enjoy the internet , but a more tightly controlled internet would destroy that purpose .
Everybody likes to have the freedom to explore the internet .
So they would not appreciate it if there were suddenly restrictions put on them .
To sum things up , the government should not control the internet more tightly .
It is fine the way it is right now .
That way , most of the trouble would be kept away from the internet while , at the same time , the internet users would still have the freedom to explore the web .
Are people born violent or do they become violent because of how they are brought up ?
How did we become the person we are ?
Is there something that makes us unique ?
Is it the genes we are born with ?
Or are we a product of our own lives ?
It is clear that genes play a very important part in the person we are .
Family characteristics such as eye and hair colour are inherited by children from their parents as are some diseases and mental disorders .
Therefore , what we need to consider is whether our personality and personal skills are born or made .
Those who hold that nature has a stronger influence than nurture on developing our personal identity will claim that certain personality traits are also determined by our genes .
Nevertheless , identical twins that were separated when they were very young and have been raised in different environments show differences in their personalities .
This provides evidence that life experiences and the surroundings where you grow up have defined the kind of person you are today .
Regarding personal skills , there are a large number of cases in which children were born gifted for the same field as their parents having great potential for a specific art or science from early childhood .
However , nature does n't always endow us with inborn abilities .
For instance , parents tend to instil their own passions in their children and , consequently , they will likely be interested in the same academic or artistic field .
According to this fact , parents often shape their children 's lives by encouraging them to follow in their footsteps .
Likewise , some people put their success in life more down to their parents ' training than to their innate talents .
So , to conclude , we would have to argue that both nature and nurture make us who we are .
As I see it , personal identity is the result of the interaction of our genetic structure and the environment which surrounds us .
The problem is how to separate these two influences and how to find out which is the strongest in each case .
Dear Ira !
Thanks a lot for your letter .
It was fun to read as always .
Your new friends seem to be crazy guys . In a good way , of course .
I was so surprised to hear you signed up for a new interior design course because it 's such a coincidence that I 'm planning to do something with my bedroom in the near future .
As I 've got some extra money at last , I think It 's high time for me to think about how to make it cozy and comfortable .
I hope you do n't mind if I ask you some questions .
First , I am thinking about painting the walls in warm colors ( apricot , salmon pink or warm beige ) . I thought you might add some more interesting colors to the list .
Do you think a wall mural is a good decision for the bedroom and what other " special effects " would you recommend ?
I completely rely on your taste , as we 've always been on the same wavelength .
Now , the toughest questions . I 've got no idea what to do with the ceiling .
The idea of painting it white seems too boring to me and I 'm completely out of my depth with all this new stuff for ceilings in shops , but I 'm sure you 're an expert !
The floor is also a problem .
I want it to look beautiful , be easy to wash and not expensive at the same time .
I 'm wondering what you would suggest .
I hope I 'm not bothering you too much with my redecoration , knowing how busy you are .
Ca n't wait to hear what you 've been up to this weekend .
All the best
Natasha
CONVENIENCE IS NOT THE MOST IMPORTANT THING
Nowadays , every one of us travels a lot .
We do that for work or to finally have a rest .
I , as a young woman , usually travel just as a hobby .
Since technology has improved in recent years , we now have a huge variety of different ways to travel .
Is it possible to choose which one is the best ?
The most common answer would probably be the plane .
There are so many advantages .
It is the fastest and the most comfortable one .
Of course , for these facilities you have to pay a lot of money and that could be a problem for some people .
The next one is boat .
It could also be really comfortable but we do n't use it often .
It 's more for exotic trips .
Travelling on a boat is a great adventure for sure .
But there is also an inconvenience - it is also expensive .
And it is hard to plan a trip like this .
What about the train then ?
This is the best option for me .
In my country , trains are n't really fast and there could be problems during the trip , but that , for me , makes it more interesting .
During the trip you can do many things - from sleeping to meeting new people and having fun .
It is also quite safe , so you do n't have to worry about accidents .
I wish I could travel every day .
A trip is an adventure and the ways you can travel are a big part of it .
Even though any mode of transportation is not bad , for me the train is the best option .
Back in 2010 , I traveled from Porto Alegre to Sao Paulo by car , a journey that took 18 hours driving non - stop . Surely very few people would consider it convenient ?
Cars are handy and driving can be pleasant , but only when the driver is in a good mood , with no traffic jams or craters on the road ( really common situations in Brazil ) .
Since ancient times , public transport has existed , and it suffered numerous assassination attempts . In China , for example , the dynasty Yuan prohibited public transport ( at that time , chariots ) because of fear that Han people could plot and riot against the Mongol 's dictatorship on it ; the situation was reversed in an early socialist regime when , in 1960 , Mao considered personal cars an instrument of oppression and symbol of devilish capitalism .
Of course , none of these radical measures last long against the very basic human instinct : laziness .
We have cars so we do n't have to walk . In the same way , people who ca n't afford a car will want public transport , even if a bike could be the solution .
Convenience has little to do with the fate of public transport . Countries with high HDI ( convenience to be drivers ) , like Germany and England , are those with better public transport systems , and they are even boosting them .
Unless some extraordinary mutation happens and changes us into labor - lovers , personal cars and public transport will rule side by side for all eternity .
USA SUMMER CAMPS APPLICATION .
Hi ! My name is Alexia , I am twenty - three years old and I live in Argentina .
I am a lawyer and I love to travel .
I play hockey and basketball , two sports that are simply perfect .
I have been learning English for a while , I am a sensitive and positive person , full of energy and willing to have new adventures .
I have experience of taking care of children and it is a task that I really enjoy .
What I like the most about being with young children is the energy that they have and how innocent and peaceful they can be .
I think I might be a suitable person for the job because I have already worked with kids , especially teaching and having fun .
As I have already said , I play sports , and that is why I could be helpful at organizing sports and evening activities .
And last but no least , I am an excellent cook .
I learned how to cook when I was eight , so I am pretty confident and well prepared .
Actually , my family is huge so I can cook large amounts of food with my own recipes which are tasty and quick in order to feed all the kids in a trice .
If you hire me you wo n't regret it .
Yours Faithfully , Alexia .
The diagrams vividly show us the process of making banking notes .
The process can be divided into three stages .
Above all , it 's a significant step to make a good design , in which background colour , artwork and security are the main considerations .
Then comes the preparation of metal plates and that needs skilled machinists .
Only after all the work above is completed can the printing step be carried out .
The second section is printing .
Each sheet contains 50 bank notes .
There may be several colours on both sides of bank notes .
To make sure of the printing effect , special ink has to be used .
In addition , the images can be slightly raised .
After printing , there is a lot more work to be done .
The most important step is manual inspection .
After that , good quality sheets and bank notes are separated from partially damaged sheets and will be packaged and distributed .
Bad sheets and bank notes will be securely destroyed .
Introduction :
The aim of this report is to give some information about the range of exciting activities that people can do in our area .
Water sports :
There are lots of places where you can do water sports like scuba diving , windsurfing , surfing , go on a banana bus , kayaking … The Costa Brava is the perfect place to do water sports because there is a lot of wind and good weather .
Winter sports :
In winter you can go skiing or snowboarding in the Pirineus .
These are near to France and Andorra .
There are lots of ski resorts with good ski slopes of different levels with different colours , the greens are the easiest and blacks are the most difficult .
Montmeló :
In Catalonia there is an important race track where the cars of Formula 1 race .
When there is n't any race , you can go and try different racing cars or if you want you can go and race a bike on the race track .
Conclusion :
To sum up , I think that if you want to do exciting sports , Catalonia is a good place where you can find lots of different sports and you can choose what to do , but if you do n't want to do sports you can do other activities or go to interesting places .
Michael had already woken up when his mother 's alarm clock started ringing .
He got up as quietly as he could and waited until he stopped hearing his mother talking to herself , which meant she had headed to the kitchen .
Michael knew his mother had planned on baking a cake .
He hid near the door , where he could watch for a chance to try the cream without being noticed .
He waited for what seemed like an eternity until he saw her leaving the kitchen with Michael 's father 's breakfast .
It was his chance .
' I must keep an eye on the door ' he muttered as he entered . '
If she finds out I was here , she 'll kill me ' .
Michael tried the cream and thought that his mother would n't notice it if he ate another bit . '
After all , what I had was so infinitesimal that I could barely taste it . '
Before he could notice , the cream was all gone .
It was time to escape , even though his mother would find out who ate it eventually .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Chapter 9 : The KM-3J : The second confrontation
That night , the time flew by , but things started to get weird . Marcus was talking with an Australian guy about the proofs that he had found related to dinosaurs . He was interested in them , but Marcus did n't like his point of view about those species . The guy told him they were bad creatures with no feelings , and Marcus thought they were awesome and the most lovely creatures he had ever heard about . The guy thought Marcus was crazy , so he fled the Federal Palace .
Meanwhile , Mark and Michael were talking with Russian ladies . They were beautiful and flawless . The scientists started talking about science and that sort of thing , and suddenly the ladies vanished . The men started shouting .
Jack was arguing with an officer about the Mexico conquest ( the officer did n't understand anything because Jack was drunk ) , and suddenly , the officer took off his costume and a strange mask , and at that moment … Jack was astonished because the officer was not an officer , he was Brad !
Jack tried to confront him , but as soon as he tried to do that , he snapped his fingers and a lot of people came around him . He had a new team . He decided to name them " The KM-3J " , a villains team , their names were Karolina ( she decided to change her name to that because he used to say that that letter was her favorite one ) , Melanie , Miley ( they were both twins , the most beautiful ladies in the world ) , Max , who was an expert in the military field , and Brad Rowley J. , nobody had known his last name until that moment : Junior . He was embarrassed about it , he was the offspring of a weird woman , but she was his mother .
The KM-3J put Jack into an immense bag . They were planning to kill him and place his dead body in a grave . In that way , their friends would find him buried . But they were not that evil , they just put him into a dark room and tied his hands to a chair . It was exactly the same thing he had dreamed about .
While Jack was there , he heard Brad talking with Max about their new plan . It was related to a gigantic weapon that would shoot toxic waste at New York City , so in that way , everybody would become a zombie .
The bulk of the population of New York was homeless because there had just been a horrible war between New York City and California , but , increasingly refined body technologies allowed New York to win the war .
Jack was frightened , but suddenly he heard the door opening and saw their friends rescuing him . They had used some weapons from The King of the Sky . They got into the room and started shooting while Michael was untying Jack from the chair . Accidentally , Mark killed Miley while he was shooting . All her body parts were scattered on the floor . He did n't care about that and fled with the others .
Jack fainted while their friends were rescuing him .
When they arrived at the mainland , Jack woke up . There was n't anyone around him , there was just sand and the beach …
Comfort , time and internal peace are required to make learning efficient .
Hence , it is not possible to do a job and study side by side .
Work and education disturb one another .
I strongly oppose this statement because handling both these together is easily possible with strong willpower .
I will elaborate on points to support my opinion in the following paragraphs .
Firstly , there are a lot of people in western countries , who do part - time study and work full - time or vice - versa .
It all depends on the preference of the individuals .
If they want to bear some hassle and become more productive in their life , they can manage both things side by side .
This not only makes them knowledgeable but increases their potential as well .
Secondly , there are a few parents who can not bear the expense of their child 's education .
As a result , they put their children into some job so that they can earn money for the family .
But it does not mean that the child has to abandon his dream of acquiring an education .
With firm determination , they can continue their education and work to feed their family as well .
Finally , sometimes people think they have completed their education , but when they get a full - time job , they realize that a diploma or degree can increase their chances of promotion .
Moreover , some employers select the potential employee from colleges while they are studying and pay for their Masters or Advanced Diplomas because they see their profit in that investment .
Hence , studying and working side by side helps candidates to grow professionally .
In conclusion , working and studying is very much possible .
It just depends on the dedication and determination of the person .
People should do both study and work side by side to make themselves more skilled and capable .
March 21st , 2007
Mrs Kate Ashby
Manager of Green Pepper Cafe
Dear Mrs Ashby ,
I write to you to express my interest in applying for the weekend worker job that was posted on your cafe door .
I believe I am a good fit for this job since I have previous experience working in similar jobs .
I am good at dealing with people .
I demonstrated a courteous and professional attitude and achieved a high rating in the customer satisfaction survey .
I am also interested in different kinds of food and different cuisines .
I am prepared to work long hours and take shifts late in the evening since I live nearby .
Moreover , I have training in the field of customer service since I finished a customer service training course at George White College .
I accept feedback from peers and management and improve my performance .
I am also a quick learner and adapt well to different working environments .
Please find my resume attached to this letter .
Thank you for your time and consideration of my resume and I look forward to speaking with you .
Sincerely yours ,
Tom
How did this happen ?
How can I be here at D'el Arte wearing a suit and tie with my beautiful wife ?
The day had n't been planned to end with a date night .
Then it all dawned on me .
I 'd been set up .
Duped , so to speak , into this unlikely event ; a date night .
Her plan was so clever and deceptive as to escape detection until the last card had been played .
Oh , my wife is clever .
When exactly did the deception begin ?
Was it at the party which lasted until 3 am the night before ?
Was it the invitation to a wedding three weeks ago ?
How far back could it possibly go ?
When was this seed planted in my wife 's brain to have a date night with me all dressed up and formal ?
So many twists and turns . She played her cards well . I never suspected , while sitting in the pews next to my wife , that , when she leaned forward with a pained expression on her face , the evening would end at D'el Arte .
Nor when her condition appeared to worsen and I decided to go get the car to take her to the doctor 's surgery . Nor when I returned to find her lying on the cold hard stone floor of the church , could I have ever imagined we would be enjoying a quiet evening together sharing entrees and desserts .
Nor could I have conceived , after having multiple people help call the ambulance , which never came , or the friends who called my in - laws to come take care of the kids , that we would be eating a wonderful pizza by the end of the evening .
No , none of these things would have prepared me for the relief I would feel , after waiting 4 hours in the emergency room , that her pains were probably only intercostal muscle pains and the tests for something more serious were all negative .
Honestly dear , next time just ask me .
I 'll say yes .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
I 'm writing as in response to an advertisement for a job in the USA .
I am fourteen years old and interested in this job and believe I have the qualifications .
I think I would be suitable for this job , because I am young , energetic , enthusiastic and have always enjoyed working with children .
I can speak English , since I used to vacation in Australia as a child .
I would be helpful in the kitchen as I used to work part - time in my uncle 's restaurant .
I grew up with two younger brothers and used to look after them . Therefore , I am used to dealing with younger kids .
I can also help organise any activity , as I have previously worked in a summer camp in my town with children between the ages of six and ten years old .
In my opinion , this job would be a great , useful experience .
I hope you consider my application and look forward to hearing from you soon .
Yours faithfully ,
Cassie L.
Dear Sir / Madam ,
I have just seen your advertisement for a job in your summer camps .
I 'm Antonio Trevisano del Bruno , a 15-year - old Italian teenager , and I have studied English since I was 7 .
I 'm still improving my English skills with a Canadian teacher .
I am a really sporty person and I think I might be the person who you are looking for because I 'm really capable and patient with children .
In fact , I have been helping in summer camps in Italy for 3 years .
So , I do n't find it difficult to organize competitions or activities for children .
I 'm a really cheerful person and , though I am 15 , I keep up with the kids ' world .
I think it should be easy for me to help in the kitchens because I can cook very well .
This is the experience which I 've been waiting for for ages !
Please do n't hesitate to contact me ! I 'm really looking forward to your reply .
Yours faithfully
Antonio Trevisano del Bruno
First of all , I think , to stay young , you need a goal in life .
I already had mine as a teenager .
In my teens , I was fascinated by planes .
My goal , I decided then , was to become a pilot when I grew up .
I have always tried to live for the future and not fret about the past .
This has helped keep me young .
Besides we all have our close calls in life in one way or another .
Like the one I had in 1926 and all because of a parachute .
It was a foggy January morning and I had gone to renew my pilot 's licence .
The weather report said the ceiling was at 180 metres .
But at 360 metres , I was still surrounded by heavy fog .
Suddenly , my plane began to act up . I was losing control .
I sent the plane into a deep dive and landed safely .
I looked at the plane and realized I had forgotten to tie the parachute cord to the plane .
Thank God I had n't jumped or I would have been a ' dead duck ' for sure !
My name is Bridget Payne , and I 'm 15 years old .
I love taking care of kids .
My mom has a kindergarten and I love helping her out .
Every summer I help on my mom 's summer camp , but it 's a summer camp for babies and I would like to work with older children , because I think it 's more challenging . I would love to work at any place across the US .
I 'm a hard worker and I always love finishing something that I started .
I always make sure to get what I want and I do n't stop until I get it .
I am also very energetic , playful and creative .
I am very good at artistic things , such as , drawing , painting , cooking , dancing and a lot of other things .
I hope to get this job because I have been wanting it for a very long time .
I would be very happy to get it .
Regards ,
Bridget Payne
Dear Paul ,
Last month , as you may know , I was a volunteer on the occasion of my favourite band 's concert in Katowice .
It was just a miracle - it had turned out that the band 's manager was my good old friend , Daniel , and he asked me for help when he found out I was a big fan of the group .
Although the work was truly demanding and lasted for quite a while , I must say I really enjoyed it .
Firstly , I had to be involved in it a month before the event started .
I was asked to give some information about the concert to local pubs , restaurants etc . ,
so I was handing out leaflets everywhere .
By the time the event was due to take place , I had to take over the band 's equipment .
I had to move it from place to place along with the boys from the group .
One thing led to another and we ended up having a beer and laughing in a pub .
Eventually the concert came off just perfectly !
Lots of people showed up , everybody had fun and the best thing in the musical experience is that you can make friends with famous people and those who you admire and only see on TV .
If you ever have an opportunity to help at this kind of event , I recommend it to you from the bottom of my heart !
Looking forward to hearing from you .
Yours sincerely ,
Patrycja .
Dear Johanna ,
I 'm very happy to hear from you since we have both been quite busy these days with the exams .
It 's a pity that you have to choose between the activities that you love the most , but I guess that life is full of choices .
If I were you , I would give up music and I am going to explain why .
You have always wanted to be a policewoman ( unless you have recently changed your mind ) so you must be very fit , since you need to pass the physical tests , which are very demanding , according to my mother .
Sport is something essential to achieving this goal and you can always practise music at home when you have some free time ( yes , I know that it happens once in a blue moon ) .
Also , you wrote to me that you have started to give guitar lessons , so you are not going to be isolated from music and it will go on playing an important role in your life .
So I think you should n't be upset because now is a difficult period , I know , but it passes and we can get back our lives when we go to university .
My cousin , who is studying English Literature , told me that you have much more freedom when you start university , so do n't worry !
I hope you write to me when you have made the final decision . I look forward to hearing from you .
James Dashner 's The Maze Runner , joins The Hunger Games and Divergent as the latest futuristic Young Adult thriller to get its own film franchise .
The Maze Runner manages to feel remarkably fresh .
It 's punchy , tense and , crucially , original .
The book opens with a boy .
He can remember his name , Thomas , but that 's all he can remember : everything important has been wiped clean .
He finds himself in " the Glade " , a farmstead and a camp at the centre of a towering stone maze .
A group of teenagers , all males , have made a makeshift life for themselves there .
Like Thomas , none of them have any real memories of their previous lives , although there 's a barely spoken , horrific suggestion that the lives they 've come from might have been even worse than the ones they 're living now .
At night , the maze grinds shut .
Vicious monsters known as Grievers prowl its twists and turn .
The priority for the boys is to survive , and to find a way out of the maze .
Language itself also becomes vitally important : the boy s ' speech is peppered with made - up words that highlight the isolation .
The book ends with a devastating final twist .
The oldest memory of our relationship is a short skirt and some crocodiles .
Two perfect stigmas for a man and a woman in general .
The task is unambiguous and seemingly easy . I should be able to describe my view of an American man and his behavior because of my experience as an adult , a woman , a wife , a mother and , simply , a human being with various roles in life who has been happy a million times and unhappy a million times .
However , I am non - American and I live with a man who surprises me every day in a positive and also in a negative way . I can not describe my own husband .
Is it really possible to describe a man at all ?
No . I think that I can depict this one American man within a certain period of time , but it is impossible to write the truth , since I have never seen him face - to - face . I can write subjectively and my observations of him through the Internet will be distorted by my own life , experience and the surroundings I live in .
Let me introduce one American I made friends with on Facebook .
His name is Kyle .
A typical American name , right ?
However , he is not typical .
He is special .
I like his sense of humor , because he is able to make me smile .
His sensitivity is visible through his carefully chosen words , and his decency in his grammatically correct sentences .
I adore his imagination because he is able to take you away on a cloud to a never - never land .
He is wise and brave , because he was not scared to teach me , although he is not a teacher .
But what about those snakes and guns in his photos ?
Would I be able to overcome my own phobias and be fair ?
And what about those open - hearted quotes , love songs and poetic opinions he shares on his wall ?
Is he a romantic and a killer in one ?
He is a man stuck in a generation where loyalty is just a tattoo , love is just a quote and lying is the new truth .
He is a man and I am a woman who live in the world , in which the man wears a short skirt and the woman is as tough as a crocodile .
He always writes gentle words , uses cute smileys , Facebook kisses and hugs , but when I ask him in what way he loves me , he answers " as a Christian " .
Well , it 's all right .
I 'm relieved .
However , the woman inside of me shouts : What ?
He does not love me as a woman !
How come ?
I would like to point out another of his attributes , which is his pride .
When I asked him if he had read the book The Little Prince by Exupéry because I was feeling like a fox , he asked me in an offended manner , if I knew Larry , the comedian .
Kyle is really proud , but so are all men .
I do n't believe in friendship between a man and a woman .
There will always be some kind of spark , either alluring or repulsing .
The next thing I like about him is that he never pushes me into anything .
If I want to sleep , he stops his own imagination to let me relax and rest .
So , he is thoughtful .
I must be honest for a while .
He aroused my own enslaved desires .
I have always wanted to fly , to travel , to paint , to write and to love .
And I am left to love without any support .
He asked me to observe him for a week .
However , I am scared a bit of the consequences of this secret adventure .
What if it breaks me down ?
I mean what if he tames me like a fox ?
He is a hunter .
All men are .
In the following section I will write about his sexuality and dealing with an argument .
It was easy to draw him into the love affair or to make him horny , but it was quite difficult to start an argument with him . I think that he is a good writer because he is able to describe his sexual dreams and thoughts in a lively way and vividly .
However , ask him a question about his real life and he will give you a one - word answer .
This could hardly satisfy an ordinary questioner like me , not only an interviewer from a daily newspaper .
I believe he is tender and caring , but impatient and clumsy at the same time .
He forgets everything when he plunges into his Neverland .
No matter what you write , he follows his own lust .
On the other hand , he is disciplined , because he is able to stop with his imagery at once .
He is cute , anyway .
As I wrote before , it was not that easy to have an argument with him .
I tried to use different strategic inputs that could help me to argue . For example : you are totally uninterested in reading between the lines ! You never listen to me ! I even called him a lummox and a stumblebum .
He just kept quiet and begged me to stop .
He did his best to calm me down .
I was impressed and I find this a good feature of his personality .
Yesterday , I wanted him to tell me the story of his life .
He went with the trip from California to Texas and then to Phoenix .
If you like adventurers , well , he is the right man for you .
Sport is a part of men . I should not bypass this issue .
So , I asked him what his favourite sport was .
He likes baseball , but he does not play baseball actively .
He likes watching it .
He actively does hiking , hunting and camp riding .
The week has passed , so we are at the end of this adventure course .
Kyle is a strong and charismatic individual and he values his privacy a lot .
Honestly , I asked myself , if I would like to be his future wife .
I pondered this many times .
And surely , I would .
However , I am not that crazy as to marry a man whom I do not know in real life .
But I do like him and I loved the course .
It surely taught me a lot and enriched my whole life .
Thank you , Kyle .
In the end , I would like to add a quotation by Franz Marc .
I do not know who Franz Marc is .
But I identify with his view of male and female relationships .
" Blue is the male principle , stern and spiritual .
Yellow is the female principle , gentle , cheerful and sensual .
Red is matter , brutal and heavy and always the colour which must be fought and vanquished by the other two . "
To : The Chairperson
From : Teodora Costescu , Romanian student
Subject : Local Environmental Protection
Date : 13th September 2014
Purpose
As requested , this is a report concerning the environmental conditions in my town .
The information below evaluates the chief measures taken against pollution and environmental damage as well as the population 's interest and involvement in the optimum preservation of the area .
Recycling
Through a series of programmes and events organised by local voluntary organisations , both adults and children are instructed about the importance of waste reduction and recycling .
Therefore , in the last few years there has been a great improvement in raising awareness and commitment among an increasingly larger sector of the population as far as the selective collection of household refuse is concerned .
This is clearly illustrated by the growing number of recycling facilities the residents of our town have at their disposal .
Public Transport
Since exhaust fumes are considered to be one of the major pollutants nowadays , the local authorities are doing everything in their power in order to encourage citizens to travel more by means of public transport , to the detriment of the ubiquitous private cars .
Consequently , there are buses which run at short intervals on various routes , so that people can arrive at their destinations rapidly and conveniently .
Unfortunately , only a limited number of people are willing to leave their comfort zone for the sake of the community , thus making pollution caused by heavy traffic a remaining and inextricable problem of our society .
Public Cleaning Services
Our local public cleaning services are responsible not only for the efficient removal , storage , collection and transportation of waste material , but also for the maintenance and good care of natural areas and green spaces within our community .
The sole purpose of their activity is to keep our town clean and neat , making it an appealing and pleasurable place to live .
Conclusion
Taking everything into consideration , it would be fair to conclude that there are numerous ways in which one can protect the environment and take care of the area in which we reside .
However , as with all issues present within society , a dual commitment from the citizens and the authorities should be regarded as a key factor .
Red fire ants originated in Brazil .
Fire ants are very aggressive .
They often swarm on their prey swiftly and sting repeatedly to paralyze it .
If we disturb a fire ant nest , they will relentlessly sting us , injecting poison into our body .
The sting could be fatal if we have an allergy .
Even if we do n't , the stinging will cause a burning sensation , swelling and then a blister at the point of sting .
In mild cases , the sting causes itching .
In severe cases , it causes nausea , vomiting or dizziness .
In the US , millions of people are stung annually and some have died from their injuries .
Fire ants threaten more than human health .
In infested areas , they injure livestock , pets and wildlife , and damage crops , plants , electrical equipment , and irrigation systems .
We should use pesticide treatments to reduce their numbers .
There will be several inventions in the next years .
Nowadays we ca n't predict the aim of future devices though I guess that they will be mainly related to eradicating current illnesses .
Cancer , for instance , is surely one of the preferences for the companies that invest large amounts of money in R&D.
Moreover , it is a profitable task if they invent new medications to help people suffering from that illness .
Personally , I consider curing cancer the most challenging goal for the next generation of researchers and inventors .
Although I advocate new remedies for cancer , I think that there is another problem in the world that society should focus on .
It does not fit in rich countries because it concerns poor countries .
It is usually forgotten because it barely affects our daily routine .
However , when we talk about hunger we must regard it as the main problem of the world .
That is the reason why I have been thinking for a long time about a new device to eradicate starvation .
It is not completely developed but I can advance some ideas about its design .
It consists of a pill where we blend lots of different elements .
Altogether they provide the nutrients to cover the needs of feeding one person in one day .
Manufacturing costs are not expensive and these pills do not expire .
They can be conserved for a long time and shipping costs are very low .
I consider that it could contribute to feeding many people and it could definitely put an end to the most unfair problem of this world .
LIFE IS BEAUTIFUL
There must be something very special about a movie when , after the third time , you 're still leaving the cinema thinking " I have to see it again " .
That 's only happened to me once , and the film was Life is Beautiful .
Starring Italian comic Roberto Begnini ( who also wrote and directed the movie ) in the main role of Guido , this life - affirming tragi - comedy is about a Jewish father trying to shield his young son from the horrors of Nazism in the Italy of Mussolini .
To achieve this , Guido creates an imaginary game for his child once they are deported to a concentration camp .
He tells the boy that they are competing with others to win a tank , so the little Guiosué does n't realise what is really going on around him .
The strength of the movie relies on the goofy , loving , eccentric character played by Begnini , his exceptional comic talent and his ability as a director to deal with such a delicate topic as Nazism while managing to drive through a thick line between comedy and drama .
The Original soundtrack created by Nicola Piovanni is also a beautiful , delicate addition to this masterpiece .
Life is beautiful was the recipient of numerous awards , including three Oscars for best foreign picture , best actor and best original dramatic score .
What strikes me more is that , despite the fact that it 's set on the eve of the II world war , the film is n't really about the holocaust but is a bittersweet fable about human courage , love and hope .
If you haven't seen it already , which I doubt , I highly recommend it ; it will make you laugh out loud but also along the way you 'll find yourself covered in tears , I guarantee .
Football , to me , is more than just a game .
I have learned a lot of things from it .
When I joined the freshman year team , I did n't realize what I was getting into .
Football requires tremendous amounts of teamwork and sportsmanship to be successful .
We worked all summer in the weight room and ran on the track to get in physical and mental shape before the season .
You see , football is more of a mental sport than anything else , so running on the track was n't only about getting in shape . We would push our minds by running as hard as we could , even if we felt like we were going to pass out .
At the beginning , I was immature and only thought of myself , sometimes even giving up when I was tired or hurting .
Then , after the third game , I had a season - ending injury .
Imagine working all summer and then only being able to play three games !
I needed surgery on my arm and at least five months to recover .
Needless to say , I was sidelined for the rest of the season , but this actually helped me realize that , since you never know when your last game will be , you should try your hardest in football and life .
After freshman year , I decided that I would always give my best .
Playing varsity football has taught me so much more than just what my assignments are on a particular game or how to block . I have learned to think about others first , and realized how important working hard is .
Being with all my friends , even sweating and bleeding with them , really made us bond as a group of hard - working young men I know will succeed in life .
High - school football is more than just a sport .
It is a learning ground for many to strengthen their personality and character for their lives .
One thing my coach always says is , "
Imagine that you have just run 100 sprints and a giant bear starts chasing you .
Are you just going to stand there and let it attack you because you are too tired ? "
The answer , of course , is no , because you can always put it in another gear , even if you think you need to give up .
This to me means that you can always control your attitude and effort .
So , no matter what , if you maintain a great attitude and always give whatever you 're doing your best effort , you will have no regrets .
Honestly , I could not agree more , as the website as it is available today is an inconvenient tool providing insufficient information .
I would like to suggest improving the website in the following ways .
First , it is difficult to navigate the current website version . We could move the search bar closer to the top in order to make it easier to find .
Besides , adding a schedule to the left section would be an advantage , as our customers would be able to find the option they need in a more convenient way .
Second , the theme is outdated , and developing a new design can be a good move to attract more clients .
Minimalistic design is both stylish and user - friendly , as it does not imply any elements requiring website visitors to load heavy modules , and there are no unnecessary banners that distract the user .
Third , implementing several advanced solutions , such as a calculator , a gallery and live chat , could make our page more useful .
As to other aspects of our website , it might be a good idea to enhance its performance by means of optimizing the code and removing advertisements ( which decrease the website 's value while bringing little profit ) .
All these tasks can be completed within a month , and I would be glad to be involved in the improvement of our website , as it is an important aspect of our work , because it represents the company , and representation is key where attracting clients is concerned .
Before focusing on the topic of technology itself , I would like to mention some aspects related to education .
First of all , Spanish educational laws are in Europe , and probably in the world , the only ones which have changed the most in the last 30 years .
This fact leads the teachers to be unsure of what they are doing .
Besides , there are no results that can be analysed or checked .
Secondly , there are two sorts of schools in Spain - public and private - , which leads to a big difference in the educational knowledge .
While public ones must obey governmental laws strictly , private schools have some privileges .
Knowing this about the Spanish education system , we can now talk about technology .
I obviously agree that technology is necessary nowadays .
So , schools and educational institutions in general have to update the way they teach .
Technology does not imply a new instrument being taught but a new tool and source of knowledge ( if used correctly ) .
In fact , using technology without changing the content would be a total failure .
Teachers must learn how to use these new technological devices in order to get their students motivated .
Moreover , they should include the past information and the new information .
Thus , this would help students know how the world has evolved and how it will be .
In other words , technology should be used as a tool for students to be aware of the development of society and its advantages and disadvantages .
These new technologies also help in the development of teaching .
We can make dynamic classes by being in contact with other schools . In the case of subjects such as English and French , students would improve their skills by being in contact with students from different countries .
Also , teachers could replace their methodologies following the best ones and the ones which contribute to having qualified students trained to face everyday life situations .
In conclusion , as a great teacher said , we have 21st century students learning with 20th century tools 19th century knowledge .
Thus , there should n't be a technological revolution but an educational one .
To the Mayor
I am writing to express my concern about the new smoking ban law .
I fear that such a huge move would damage businesses and many workers would lose their jobs .
At present , I am working for Cafe Noir , a well - known restaurant popular with visitors , many of whom have told me that if such a ban were introduced , they would not go into restaurants and , instead , they would meet friends at home .
On top of that , I think the amount of notice you have given people is unreasonable .
There needs to be much wider public debate , and if a majority agree , they should be given enough time to get used to it .
To support my argument , I would like to tell you what happened in my country when such a ban was introduced .
First , it was almost impossible to enforce it .
There were not enough police to go round checking every public place .
Secondly , businesses suffered , with people objecting that they should be given the right to smoke if they wished .
In the end , the government changed the law , encouraging people to provide non - smoking areas .
This approach strikes me as much more realistic and I urge you to reconsider it before it is too late .
We will talk about a technology that might soon disrupt the world .
But first let me explain the process followed to manufacture anything .
The manufacturing process follows three main stages : designing , then producing , then consuming .
For a quick glimpse , this technology provides the ability to precisely clone any tangible object .
This directly affects the producing stage , allowing more efficient production .
More efficient production means cheaper goods , and by providing them more cheaply the consumer now has the ability to purchase more of these goods .
Higher purchasing power means that we can buy more goods using the same amount of money .
In other words , money will have more value .
So , let 's say , you have $ 100,000 now . You would have $ 10,000,000 fifty years from now .
You could then pay off your debts , get a new car , buy a new house , invest or retire , or do just about anything you would do if you currently had $ 10,000,000 in your bank account .
Looking at it through a broader lens , country deficits would be solved , hungry people would be fed , and the homeless would be accommodated .
But why would the goods be cheaper ?
This is the effect of a reduction in the cost of production ; lower production costs allow the producer to reduce the price of his goods while maintaining the initial profit .
With competition giving him no choice at all , the producer is forced to abide by the market equilibrium .
Surprisingly , the producer gets to maintain his profits due to the proportional decrease in price as well as the cost to produce .
This automatic , efficient , quick , precise technology reduces the amount of labor needed , saves waste initially caused by human errors , saves time and produces at better quality too .
In conclusion , this revolutionary technology has the potential to vastly improve the way we manufacture our goods , and in the process of doing that , benefit the whole world .
Dogs and cats are called " furkids " not only because their bodies are covered with fur , but also because their owners regard their pets as kids .
I never realized that a furkid would enrich my life until I met Casino , a smart , patient and handsome Golden Retriever raised by my wife 's family .
I can still recall the day Cathy and I took Casino to Taipei City Hall , walking him along the department store pavement , and playing with him all day long .
Four days later , he suddenly passed away , and the day became our last memory together .
His body was cremated and buried on a mountain in northern Taiwan .
A sweet olive tree was planted with his ashes .
We visited him several times over the years , and decided to take the sweet olive tree home with us this year .
I miss Casino so much .
He changed my attitude toward dogs . Casino taught me through his patience and passions .
Ever since I met him , I have stopped feeling frightened when facing big dogs , and have even started to play with them .
23rd . Mar. 2015
Mrs Kate Ashby
Manager of Green Pepper Cafe
Dear Mrs Ashby ,
I am interested in applying for the job vacancy at the Cafe you run .
The reason for applying is that I believe I would be a perfect candidate as I have plenty of experience in the food industry as well as being extremely interested in working for this well - known company .
I strongly believe I would be the right person for the post as I consider myself polite , well - mannered , enthusiastic and good at dealing with customers .
Besides , working in popular restaurants has enabled me to gain the ability to work as part of a team and under pressure , as well as to learn about a wide variety of international foods and dishes .
What is more , I am used to working long hours on both day and night shifts , so busy days will not be a problem for me at all .
Finally , I would like to express my willingness to work for you as this would be such a great experience for me .
I would be able to attend an interview at any time which is convenient to you .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Yours sincerely ,
Celeste Arenas
Dear Sir ,
I am writing this letter because I would really appreciate the opportunity to work as a camp counselor .
I am an 11th grade student from Barcelona , Spain .
I attend Sant Ignasi school and in the future I would really like to study medicine .
Regarding my level of English , I speak fluent English and got an A in the Cambridge First Certificate Exam .
As for my experience with children , I have been a counselor for the last two years in a summer camp .
Furthermore , I have worked as a babysitter for the past year .
I also have been helping a nine - year - old kid with his math homework .
I believe I am suitable for the job as I am very enthusiastic and energetic .
I am hardworking as well .
I also love doing sports , such as tennis , soccer , canoeing and kayaking .
I always try so hard not to go to new restaurants because I do n't like most of them at first .
But this time was special .
It was my brother 's birthday , so he asked if we could go to a new restaurant called Muerde La Pasta .
I 'd always heard about that place , so I thought it would be okay to go .
The restaurant is in Alcorcon . I have to say that it is a beautiful place , with a lot of beautiful lamps and a lot of space .
It 's a free buffet , so you can take everything you want … there are chips , pizzas , all types of pasta and then there 's a lot of desserts and there 's no food limit haha .
The staff is so good , they are really helpful and they are always looking to see if you 've finished to take the dirty dishes away .
Honestly , I thought I would n't like the restaurant , but I was completely wrong .. I loved it !
I 'm going with my friends next week ! ! I think you get more than what you pay for as its unlimited food and you only have to pay 10 Euros .
It 's really worth it .
If you haven't been yet , you should definitely do it . I promise you will love it !
After a Year …
You can never really say a thing is bad unless you have indulged yourself in it .
You can never really say a situation is unfortunate unless you have already been in it .
And you can never really say a teacher in the mountains is miserable unless you have experienced being one .
When I found out I would be assigned to Gala National High School , I said it was the worst thing that had ever happened in my career .
When I found out I would be teaching at the most remote high school in Ozamiz , I said I was very unfortunate , and when I found out I would be spending my days in the mountains , I said my life would be miserable .
Indeed , negative vibes filled my thoughts after finding out that I was to practice my chosen profession in the place I feared the most .
But after a year , I was all wrong .
My first paragraph aptly expresses my exact realization .
To have been assigned to the mountains is never the worst situation ; I have never been unfortunate , and misery has never been my colleague .
In fact , being a teacher in the mountains is being the best of who I am , being the most fortunate of men alive , and being the happiest I could ever be .
Yes , Gala National High School has given me thousands of reasons to be happy and to feel blessed .
Here , I have learned more than the lessons I have taught .
The school as a whole has become my great mentor .
It has taught me lessons I could n't have learned had I not been here - lessons that not only help me improve my teaching career , but also help me become the right person for my vocation .
Gala has paved the way for me to become that teacher I long to see .
I may be far still from being an ideal one , but I know someday , having Gala as my guiding light , I can become one .
As to my colleagues , I am grateful to be in a small group of individuals who , most of the time , share the same line of interest with me .
We are so small in number , but that does not prevent us holding any school program and activity at its best .
With our sheer creativity and enthusiasm , we always make it a point that every school activity is worthwhile .
We never settle for any mediocrity .
That is us - the teachers of Gala .
And that 's one thing I love the most .
Together , we aspire to something beyond better .
My personal relationship with my co - teachers is the same as that of a typical Filipino family .
It 's not all the time that we are in good terms , but we know in ourselves that we care for each other .
I may have hurt some of my colleagues in a certain circumstance , and they may have hurt me too , but at the end of the day , it 's always camaraderie among us that dominates .
And that 's all that matters .
As to my students , I feel really so fulfilled .
At first , it was an extreme challenge for me to handle students in the mountains .
Their needs speak beyond intellectual hunger .
Every day , I have got to deal with students wearing different faces of life 's resentment .
As a teacher , it took me everything I have to come to terms with every pitiful fate of my students .
Hence , the value of UNDERSTANDING the students , even beyond what the meaning of such a word can express , has been dramatically instilled in me .
And that 's one of the lessons I consider a gem to keep for myself forever .
Students in the mountains have a lot of different untold stories of their lives .
These stories , once heard , can open somebody 's heart to learn to love learners despite everything .
That is exactly what happened to me .
As I have listened to my students , I have come to realize the very essence of my existence as their teacher .
Consequently , I have seen the need to attend to their needs .
I may have not perfectly carried out my responsibilities , but I know somehow in my one - year stay in Gala , I have made a difference to my students ' lives .
My everyday interaction with my students has been my everyday fulfillment .
Eventually , the huge challenge I have had has turned into my inspiration to do better in my job .
My students have a lot of weaknesses in many aspects of life , but seeing them enduring motivated me even more to give them good reasons to keep on keeping on .
My dear students may not have known it , but really , they too are the source of my inner strength .
There were times I wanted to back off from the many demands of work , but I always found myself fighting .
I have more than enough reasons to do that - and they are again , my students .
In a nutshell , Gala may have been very far , yet in my heart , it 's just within .
The place , my colleagues , and my dear students are enough testimony to the fact that , in Gala , I have found a home … and a family to love , really for real .
Dear Mrs Kate Ashby ,
I am writing to you regarding a job advertisement I saw in yesterday 's newspaper looking for an English - speaking person to work at weekends in your cafe .
I am the right person to do the job as I have always been interested in different kinds of food .
I like trying dishes from all over the world and I am keen on cooking and experimenting with new exotic cuisines .
I am really interested in applying for this job because I am an outgoing person and I am good at dealing with people .
In addition to this , I have broad experience in this field since I worked as a waitress during my last summer holiday .
As a consequence , I am prepared to work long hours .
I hope you will take my application into consideration because I have a great sense of responsibility and work very seriously .
I look forward to hearing from you at your earliest convenience .
Yours sincerely ,
Marina
Dear Sir ,
It is not an easy task to explain the importance of this exam for me , since I do not have any specific objective in mind that requires a Cambridge certificate .
Similarly , I do not have any study methods in the sense of systematic mechanisms for learning English .
What I can say is that I have been learning English since I was twelve , and it has been a pleasure from the start .
My first memory related to the English language is of lyrics ; I love pop music and used to translate songs composed by Elton John and Lennon and McCartney .
Next , I started to read books such as the Harry Potter series and books by George R. R. Martin .
I am also an attentive listener of BBC Radio Four .
These are my study methods , if I can say so .
About the reasons for taking the test , there is little to say .
As I have said , I have been learning English for the sheer pleasure of it ; but , having come this far , I think it is time to get some kind of formal recognition of my level .
What do people think about teenagers ?
Why rather negative ?
Lots of people think that teenagers are stupid , have little knowledge about life , do not have enough experience , are annoying , difficult to understand .
In my opinion , we should n't think like that .
I agree that some young people behave really badly ; they smoke , shout at their parents , drink beer , do not improve themselves .
But most teenagers are even more intelligent than adults or elderly people .
At school and at home , they have to cope with lots of problems and try to solve them .
I strongly disagree that they are not experienced .
They sometimes have to help their friends or even their parents with difficult things like psychological problems , give them tips .
Sometimes it happens that a couple who have a child aged from 12 - 16 , quarrels .
The young person has to be strong , try to understand the situation .
Teenagers also have to make serious decisions like choosing secondary school , future job , which way they will go in their life , if they want to be in a relationship with someone .
Those examples show that teenagers have to cope with lots of problems .
Most of them are able to .
Of course it 's only my opinion .
Ways to collect and record information for future generations
Finding the best way to collect and store information for the future is not just a problem in our working life but also in our private life .
That is the reason why our class attended a panel discussion on this specific topic .
Different ways of accumulating and storing information were presented at the discussion .
I would like to emphasise two options in this essay .
One way to get the information needed is to interview people from the neighbourhood and either write down what is being said or record it as an audio - file .
This way , you not only gather plain data but also emotions from people .
Additionally , it happens that while speaking of a particular event , suddenly more memories and stories come to the narrator 's mind .
However , sometimes the narrator tends to fill in the gaps of his / her memory with imaginary parts or tries to embellish certain parts of the story .
Another interesting way to find out more about the past is to collect old photographs .
This is an impressive way to document a change over many years , but on the other hand , it is challenging to keep photographs in good condition .
For me personally , the best way to collect and record information for future generations is to interview people and to store the information in an appropriate way for three reasons : Firstly , I have the chance of not getting just one story from a person , but maybe two or three more .
Secondly , I can catch the narrator 's emotions .
Thirdly , I do not have to be concerned about the loss of quality of photographs and pictures .
When I was in Bali , I had a great night that I will always remember .
My husband and I went to a dinner on the beach of our hotel .
The weather was very good and we enjoyed having dinner barefoot , sitting on the sand .
The dinner was delicious and we tasted lots of new flavours of Balinese food .
After dinner , we saw an interesting show of Balinese dance and music .
When we thought that the night had ended , we had the perfect dessert .
Despite it being very dark , we could see something moving on the sand .
It was very big ... We could n't believe what we were seeing .
It was a very big and beautiful turtle !
But ...
it was lost and could n't find the way to the water .
We shouted and two waiters of the hotel came quickly .
They turned the turtle and took it to the water , where they freed it .
Then the turtle started swimming and disappeared from our sight .
We were very happy because of seeing the turtle and hope to go back to Bali to see it again .
In terms of holidays , some people like to visit their own countries , while others prefer going abroad .
I think going abroad is much more exciting .
Visiting your own country certainly has its advantages .
First of all , you do n't have to take very long trips .
Also , you can have the opportunity to discover new places just next to your home .
Besides , this type of vacation is usually less expensive than going abroad .
On the other hand , many people prefer visiting other countries .
Actually , they like the idea of visiting an unknown land , where everything is different , from the weather to the habits .
Furthermore , they also like going abroad to visit important and famous cities around the world , like Paris , Madrid , New York .
In my opinion , traveling to a foreign country makes people open their minds to other cultures .
In fact , going abroad is a nice way to make new friends , try new things and improve a foreign language .
In addition , if you plan your vacation at the last minute , you can also save money on planes or hotels .
In conclusion , I think it 's important to know both our own countries and foreign lands .
It was three in the morning when the phone rang .
I was just about to go to bed when I suddenly heard the phone and I got scared because I was alone at home , and I thought that it could be serious news .
It was in August , my parents and my brother were on holiday in Mallorca for a week , and that same day my sister and her boyfriend had travelled from Yecla to Paris on a package tour .
At that moment , I thought that an accident or a similar something had happened to my family , but fortunately it was n't so .
A girl was on the other end of the phone and she told me that my sister and her boyfriend were n't with the other passengers .
They did n't have mobile phones because it happened a long time ago .
The film I 'd like to talk about is " Secret Life of Walter Mitty " .
It is a fantastic film with beautiful scenery and an exciting story .
The main character , Walter Mitty , works for a well - known magazine , " Life " , as a manager of photo negatives .
One day he gets a parcel from a famous traveller .
In his letter he says that one shot from the film is the best picture he has ever taken .
Unfortunately , Walter can not find the shot , so he has to look for the traveller , which is not easy .
He has to travel to remote parts of the world and have some really amazing adventures .
In the end , he manages to meet the traveller and find out where the shot is .
I wo n't tell you any more as it could spoil the story , but the film is definitely worth watching .
In addition , I can say that I was charmed by the main character who is developing throughout the whole film .
If you like complicated stories about dreams and how to make them come true , this story is definitely for you .
Easy on the pocket & frequented by the locals , there is a dining gem in Nova Gorica .
Heading towards Tolmin & after passing the famous Solkan Bridge , turn right and follow the road to the left .
There you will find a parking area and some basketball courts , and on further exploration , just after the basketball courts & walking towards that famous bridge that you can now see much better , a restaurant .
For seasonal food served by obliging & good - humoured waiters , you will find nowhere better .
In summer , that samovar of dark liquid beside the entrance might be Kopriva chai , a summer herbal digestif , favoured by the villagers of the region , or you might be offered a World War One dish such as soldiers may have eaten in this area .
Day , date and season dictate the always interesting & changing menu at this restaurant .
The warm interior is the perfect place to eat in winter , while in summer , many diners prefer the outside tables beside the turquoise Soca river .
One of Slovenia 's qualified sommeliers will help you choose from the good wine cellar , so this is the place where I recommend our class can relax , eat , drink well & enjoy the happy atmosphere .
I would like to talk to you about a musical which I saw recently .
It is called " Les Miserables " and has much to recommend it , including the plot , the cast and , of course , the soundtrack .
The film is set in France in the nineteenth century .
Just after the French Revolution .
It is an adaptation from the original book " Les Miserables " by Victor Hugo .
The idea lying behind the story is that justice and the law are not the same thing .
The main character , Jean Valdjean , played by Hugh Jackman , is jailed for stealing a loaf of bread in a bid to prevent his nephew 's death .
Then , after being set free , he becomes a thief again . However , this time he is not condemned because of a prier .
But do not worry , I am not going to spoil the ending .
All this occurs during the first part of the film .
Regarding the soundtrack , I can only say that since I saw the film I can not help singing every song all the time .
All in all , I think that it is one of the best films ever made .
Travelling by car is becoming more convenient .
Cars are improving , becoming safer and more environmentally friendly .
A lot of effort has been put into reducing the exhaust fumes , etc .
Moreover , people have become more aware of environmental protection .
Thus , more and more people , when buying a new car , also consider its environment friendliness and the possible impact on the community .
Also , cars are becoming more affordable in many countries .
For example , in India and China the technological advances have enabled them to mass produce really affordable cars , which are also imported .
Together with that , more people are getting familiar with driving and feeling more confident about driving their own car .
Once you know for yourself how comfortable it is to have a car , there 's very little chance you will go back to public transport .
However , there might still be room for public transport in the future , especially in big cities .
I mean the underground in the first place .
It is very economical in terms of time , distance and people capacity .
As for buses , they might be history in decades to come .
Although I do n't really like watching soap operas , I started watching this particular show with my family .
My mother likes watching soap operas on TV and she got me hooked on this new TV show - iknmp .
The show looked promising in its promos , which were based on a very famous old Hindi song .
The lead actors were well - known TV stars .
The show was based on the journey of a married couple , living in India , who get separated due to some misunderstandings .
The couple have 4 kids and , after separation , 2 kids live with their mom and 2 with their dad .
The dad , who is a cardiologist , moves to the US and starts a new life there .
The mom , on the other hand , decides to stay behind and works hard to give her children a decent life .
The show starts with the eldest daughter , who lives with her mother , trying to contact her father to ask him to be a part of her wedding ceremony .
The father , who had vowed to never look back , at first ignores her requests . However , upon insistence from his other children and his sister , agrees to go back to India .
The rest of the show is based on the interactions between all 4 children and how they work together to unite their family .
It 's a typical Indian soap opera in which love conquers over everything .
Although not very realistic , the show is fun to watch as it brings out the Indian values and , at the same time , teaches the importance of women being independent and able to live life on their own .
Innovative entrepreneurship can be perceived as a special process of creating , testing and implementing new products and materials , new methods of resource utilization and the new kind of management in business processes to find advanced opportunities for ( non)commercial use .
The first test has shown that I am very motivated and my skills almost fit with the possibility of being an entrepreneur .
However , the attitude that I have is not very appropriate for entrepreneurship .
It is important to underline that the driving factors ( motivation ) determine the behaviour of an entrepreneur and show the reasons for acting .
In the test the answers were accessed and I was found to be a person that has high control appeal , meaning that I have great leadership skills and a need to organize and to moderate .
In the motivation part , I also received a high score in needing challenges , as I prefer to take difficult projects because I believe that they might develop my knowledge and abilities .
Moreover , it is really important for me to be my own boss , even though it involves many more responsibilities .
Nevertheless , in the test , I received fewer points in " need for achievement / success " than were required for being an entrepreneur .
As I found out , there were two problems regarding lack of points .
The first one was based on the profit orientation of the entrepreneur in the test .
The above - mentioned situation means that during the assessment other goals that an entrepreneur might have were not taking into account .
For instance , it this be social sustainability and a need to develop the local employment situation or entrepreneurship as a hobby / lifestyle .
The second problem was based on the essential role of getting feedback .
However , the test evaluated parents ' and friends ' opinions as important feedback and I do not agree that it is essential , unless they are specialists in that field .
Nevertheless , I might take a reasonable risk if it can positively influence business .
PLANE , TRAIN OR BOAT ?
Everyone likes something more or less , even when it comes to little things .
It is certain that each of us loves to travel , but everyone likes the most comfortable means of transport .
For me , the best way to travel is train , because I think this mode of transportation has the most pros .
One of the things that is very important to me is the price .
I 'm not going to spend a lot of money on a ticket , because I 'm studying so I just have a part - time job .
If we check the prices of air travel , we can be disappointed , the same is true of travel by boat .
Fortunately , train tickets are cheaper .
Another very important thing is the travel time .
A plane flies very quickly , but you have to be at the airport at least an hour earlier .
In the case of a ship , travel time is immense .
Travelling by train is quite fast , and pleasant , I can travel safely to more places worldwide than people taking a boat or plane transport .
After the summary is to certify that travelling by train is the most advantageous , but the most important reason why I chose travelling by train is the fact that I have motion sickness , and I 'm afraid to fly .
At the end of a decade in which technology has made enormous leaps , I am thinking about how much our current idea of the house will change in the future .
Despite many differences in human nature , the current houses do not differ so much between themselves .
Most of the homes have walls , doors , windows and are built on solid ground .
Furthermore , they have flat or sloping roofs , one or more floors .
Some are situated in the neighbourhood of parks , forests or lakes .
On the other hand , recently , many new and more advanced projects are realised more often by daring architects .
They often do not use the popular brick but glass , wood , plastic .
But can you imagine that in the near , unspecified future , all homes will be like that ?
Built using the most modern technology , full of the latest inventions which man can create ?
Of course , for people to live better , but it would be useful for modern houses to be constructed so as not to damage the environment .
I think quite a few scientists still surprise us , and the house of the future will go beyond the limits of our imagination .
DEVELOPMENTS IN THE TEACHING OF ENGLISH IN SPAIN
There have been major changes regarding teaching methods in the last few years , but there is still room for improvement .
If we focus on the teaching of English as a foreign language , we could possibly see this more clearly .
In the early 1980s , activity in the classroom was focused on grammar .
However , speaking , listening activities and the massive use of I.T . mark the schedule nowadays .
All these changes make the learning process much more fun , creative and practical for the students .
The new teaching approach is based on how students can effectively use the language , rather than on the knowledge of the language they actually have .
This new outlook on teaching methods consists of the use of so - called alternative assessment as a way to evaluate learners ' skills .
A grammar test shows knowledge about the language , whereas alternative assessment shows learners ' ability to effectively use the language in the context of a real situation .
There are many reasons for using alternative assessment techniques : learners demonstrate things learned , take responsibility , motivation may increase and they have the opportunity to use language for real - life purposes .
It is important to note that the difficulty implementing the changes to the new teaching approach referred to above lies not with the students themselves but with the older generation of teachers , since they sometimes have trouble applying the new outlook on education methods .
In conclusion : the way of teaching has been changing in the last few years all over Spain .
The main reason for that can be found by surveying the related to new teaching methods developed recently .
However , a smooth transition to the new approach is still necessary to overcome the massive education - related challenges Spain will have to face in the coming years .
In the year 2020 , there was conflict between Japan and the United States .
The conflict was due to trend creation ; citizens of both countries wanted to see who created better and bigger trends .
This conflict was an incentive for clothing stores to sell new and weird things for a higher price .
Law enforcers also wanted their country to win , and in the United States , policemen arrested any Japanese person they saw and sent them back to Japan .
The Japanese government made a competition to see which of their citizens was the best trend - setter .
The winner 's reward was the ability to rule over Japan for a day .
After two years , the winner was decided , and he made Japan go into poverty .
Once the day was over , the Japanese government tried to reverse all of the damage done , but it was impossible .
The winner had changed Japan 's landscape , what once was the amazing city of Tokyo now was a sad and dirty city .
Japan asked the United States for help . They gladly agreed , and they dragged Japan back up to their normal status .
Japan lost a lot , but it was able to get back up on its feet .
Everyone was happy for some time and true peace between the countries of the world had been achieved , but then the United States enslaved Canada and tried to enslave Japan as well , but they were able to defend themselves .
Japan launched a counterattack and enslaved the United States , and then proceeded to conquer the world .
A new era was created . It was the most brutal period in the history of mankind . It was known as many things . Most people named it " The Japan Era " , but it was so brutal that the official name was " The Dark Yellow Era " .
I would like to recommend the following movie : " The Perfume " .
This movie can be considered a classical thriller , but with several aspects that makes it unique in this genre .
First of all , the historical period is the Victorian age in France .
The landscapes are really wonderful .
The buildings , dress , and habits of the population are displayed in full detail .
Secondly , we have an amazing script that can be considered unique .
The story tells us the importance of perfume in all aspects of our lives .
The movie 's main plot describes the early years of our protagonist , a poor orphan , who takes advantage of his powerful sense of smell to find new jobs .
We will discover the importance of a unique fragrance and how to mix the ingredients in the right proportions .
This idea will create the atmosphere to tell us a story about crime and passion .
Finally , we will discover a fantastic ending that we would never imagine through watching the movie .
The overall standard of this movie is really high and it is a movie to remember forever .
Nevertheless , this is not an all audiences movies , because it contains hard scenes not suitable for children .
If people can rent this movie or watch it online , I would encourage to them watch it as soon as possible .
Few other modern movies are so great in comparison .
The two hours that you will spend watching the movie will become unique in your life .
Many people believe that public transport will be replaced by private transport in the near future .
The main reason is the convenience of travelling by car in comparison with using public transport .
Apart from that , there are many other benefits to buying a car instead of using buses or the underground every day .
First of all , a car gives such a valuable thing as privacy .
For example , driving a car , we can wear whatever we want and listen to the music at any volume .
If the car is large enough , it can even be a perfect place for sleep .
Additionally , if we are eager to travel outside the town in order to have some rest from a hectic rhythm of life , it will be more comfortable for us to use our cars .
Only our own vehicle can provide us with an opportunity to find a quiet and pleasant place outside the city .
Public transport can take us only to certain locations .
Thus , it is clear that private transport such as cars has plenty of advantages .
On the other hand , we can encounter different problems while travelling by car .
For instance , sitting in traffic jams always steals a lot of our precious time .
Car accidents are the typical reason for this phenomenon .
It means that travelling by car can even be more dangerous than using public transport .
Generally , bus drivers are much more experienced than car drivers . Therefore , accidents caused by public transport happen quite rarely .
This makes travelling by public transport much safer .
Thus , I would argue that driving a car requires a lot of attention and understanding that careless behaviour on the road can do serious harm to other people .
In conclusion , I believe that public transport will eventually lose its dominance due to the fact that all people want to be independent and travel on their own .
Anna knew that it was going to be a very special day for her .
She was woken up very early by the sun coming through her window .
She opened her sleepy eyes , smiled gently and got up from her bed idly .
She went downstairs to the cosy bathroom and had a shower .
After that , she dressed up and went to the kitchen to make breakfast .
She turned on the music and started to prepare a healthy meal .
After eating a delicious salad and drinking tea , she went to her room to do her hair and put her make - up on .
Anna was a bit stressed , but she was sure , that everything would be alright .
While she was getting ready , she heard a door bell .
She went down and opened the door - it was her mother .
They hugged and smiled at each other .
Anna 's mother looked at her tenderly and hugged her once again .
She came in and noticed that her daughter was a little nervous , so she decided to make a coffee , and sit and talk for a while .
As they were talking , Anna 's best friends came .
They looked really cheerful and excited .
They quickly took her upstairs to the room .
After some time , her friends came down and told Anna 's mother , that she was ready and she was going to come in a while .
She stood up and looked at her daughter coming down the stairs .
Anna looked incredibly beautiful .
Her mum went to her and hugged her really affectionately . "
It 's your big day .
One of the most important moments in your life .
I am so happy " said mother with a tear in her eye .
It was Anna 's wedding day .
Aiming high !
My all - time favourite sport is basketball .
I started playing at the age of seven , when my mother encouraged me to join a basketball club .
It was very enjoyable from the onset , and has been a fantastic experience to learn the sport together with other children .
Another key factor was the coach , who knew how to convey the skills and techniques to children .
Moreover , I was fascinated by the feeling of belonging to a team in which each member shares the same goals and values .
This is an important feature that will also help anyone in all spheres of life .
One also learns to work hard and be disciplined in order to achieve success .
All these points have led to me playing basketball for almost thirty years now and I 'm still hooked on it .
If someone asked me for advice on how to start playing basketball , I would probably suggest starting with a trial practice and if the person enjoys it , he / she could join the club .
When choosing a club , I believe it 's important that an experienced coach is present who knows how to teach the basics .
Yours faithfully ,
F.
One of my favorite restaurants in Málaga is called Sun and Shine .
It is situated in the city center , near the seaport .
It is a different kind of restaurant , because you can find not only the typical Spanish food , but also dishes from different parts of the world .
What I like most about this restaurant is that it offers healthy and balanced food , the flavor is fantastic , the food very tasty and carefully cooked .
You can enjoy good quality ordinary food on a budget .
On the other hand , the surroundings are modern , the place is airy and cosy .
The waiters are very welcoming and informative , so you feel very comfortable .
All the ingredients are very fresh and of the highest quality .
In my opinion , the salad is the best option , with a wide range of types from different countries .
My favorite one is the Italian salad , because it is healthy and the sauce they use is savoury and strange .
Finally , I really recommend this restaurant , especially for couples or friends that want to try something different and newfangled .
Dear Paul ,
I hope all is well with you .
I 'd like to thank you for the lovely experience you offered me .
I really enjoyed helping out at the concert last month .
Unfortunately , we did n't get the chance to see each other that night .
I suppose you 'd like to hear about my experience .
I started the evening by welcoming everyone and appointing them their seats .
I enjoyed this very much , because I got the chance to meet a lot of people .
Later that evening , I worked behind the bar .
For two hours , I served drinks .
What I enjoyed the most , was helping backstage , where I got the chance to meet the artists .
They were such nice people and really appreciated my help .
At the end of the evening , I worked in the parking lot .
All in all , a great experience ! You can rely on my help next year !
Thanks again for the lovely experience !
Regards ,
Camille .
Dear visitors ,
welcome to the historic town of Lancaster ! You are now in the vibrant heart of Lancashire .
Lancaster is situated close to the Irish Sea and just around the corner you will find the stunning Lake District with its romantic lakes and peaks .
When you are visiting Lancaster you can discover many historic sights , such as the Castle and Priory , the Judges Lodgings or the Ashton Memorial , which overlooks the city .
However , the city centre also offers just as many opportunities for you to go shopping .
Whatever you need , someone in Lancaster will sell it to you .
Whether you want a fancy bottle of wine , a secondhand wedding dress or an antique clock , you will find it in Lancaster .
You are offered the standard big brands like M&S , Next , Waterstones and others , but you can also find little independent shops selling all types of goods .
If you leave the main roads and turn into the little alleys , you will find charming tea rooms and gorgeous antique shops with a wide range of antique goods .
However , if you are looking for little goodies for your family members , you should visit the shop close to the castle .
Twice a week , a street market offers visitors and residents a wide range of daily goods which have been sourced in the area and are sold by locals .
Canada is a nation built by citizen - soldiers .
From soldiers who served in the trenches of France to the ceremonial functions in the nation 's Capital .
Nathan Cirillo is remembered as one of those soldiers .
A member of The Argyll and Sutherland Highlanders of Canada , he was killed at the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier in October 2014 .
He was standing guard , at the memorial , when he was shot dead from behind at point blank .
One year later a commemoration of his passing was celebrated .
His death shocked the nation .
Unarmed , at attention , and protecting the memory of those who gave the ultimate sacrifice , his last moments and those who came to his assistance , exemplify the true meaning of being Canadian .
Canada is a peaceful nation always ready to wear the uniform when called upon by its country .
Events like these confirm that Canada is no longer immune to attacks on home soil .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
I am writing in reply to your advertisement in the European Observer of April 7th for a post at USA Summer Camp .
I am 44 , of Austrian nationality , married and hold the Cambridge English Advanced certificate since last summer .
I would welcome an opportunity to work in the USA this summer in order to practise my English .
Cheerfulness is in my nature and I am used to working hard . I would be happy to support the USA Summer Camps team in every aspect .
I am also experienced with children , having looked after my sister 's daughters , aged 9 , 11 and 14 for years now .
Whenever possible , I take the girls out for a swim or a ride on their bikes .
It is also a good idea to play badminton and mini - golf with them .
In the evenings , singing , dancing and torchlight walks are a good alternative to watching TV .
Also , I worked as an au - pair in France and Canada , where I looked after 3 , and 2 children , respectively .
Finally , cooking is a hobby of mine and I would be happy to work in the kitchens too .
I look forward to receiving your reply at your earliest convenience .
Yours faithfully ,
Patrick
Eating with strangers .
In the growing " sharing " economy , online communities are offering peer to peer for almost anything .
One of my favourite is eatwith.com .
It 's a website which allows me to taste food from around the world without moving from my city , at the same time as you can speak different languages and meet new people .
The best thing about this website is that it is very easy to use .
First , you have to select the city ; New York , Barcelona , etc .
Second , you choose a menu and make a reservation .
You can use this website if you are a tourist or just someone who wants to enjoy a dinner in your own city .
On the other hand , if you are a professional or an amateur chef , you 'll earn extra money .
There 's nothing like sharing a meal with local people . It offers you the possibility to glean information from someone who lives in the place .
My niece 's wedding was celebrated in Barcelona last weekend .
It was the most exciting and beautiful party I have ever been to .
First of all , my mother , my children , my partner and I took the train from Zaragoza to go to Barcelona .
It was a pleasant journey that lasted only two hours .
When we arrived in Barcelona , we went by taxi to the hotel which my brother had previously booked , and there we met with other relatives : my brother , his wife , my nephews and , of course , my niece ( the bride ) .
My brother 's wife 's close relatives were also there .
We all went together to have lunch at a nearby restaurant .
After lunch we could have a nap or start to prepare for the wedding .
I managed to make my mother have a siesta , so that she was more energetic for the party .
The marriage ceremony took place in a wonderful church . There were flowers everywhere , live music , three hundred guests and , of course , the bride and the bridegroom , the most beautiful and happy couple I have ever seen as far as I can remember .
Hundreds of photos were taken before , during and after the wedding .
The party was held in a large garden near the bridegroom 's parents ' house .
A historic building in one of the most luxurious places in Barcelona .
There were delicious snacks and drinks before the dinner .
The dinner was a three - course meal which had been carefully chosen by the newly - weds .
The party continued with splendid dancing until seven in the morning .
Taking a break between leaving school and starting college seems unnecessary .
If you are wealthy , or you come from a family where your father can provide you with most of the things you want , I suggest going to college straight away would be a good idea .
Some of us are afraid to travel because of the recent cases of ISIS terrorism .
Terrorism is everywhere .
Mass shootings , bombs , hacking into security systems can happen any time , any day .
Not many of us are going to risk our lives , especially when we all know we are going to have a fresh start in college .
However , for those who really need to fork out money to pay college loans , it is best for them to take a year off and work part - time in a cafe , or somewhere remotely interesting .
It is wise for them to find some time to save some money so they will not need to struggle during college .
However , some just want to have some fun , after years in high school , after so many years of break - ups , after so many years of eating cafeteria food , it is time to find some enjoyable time with quality friends and with mouth - watering food .
They just want to forget about the past and focus on the present .
In their minds , it is all about having fun , but is that really what it is ?
What if they forget themselves ?
What if they change into some monster they can not suppress ?
What if drugs , alcohol , cigarettes took over their lives ?
Is that how they want to start college ?
The real question is , do they want to actually be an alcoholic and a drug addict when they enter college ?
Look , they are still very young and they are all prone to bad influences through parties without parental control .
Hence , if there is no reason to take a year off , just go to college and start studying .
There is absolutely no time to waste your youth on drugs and alcohol .
2 years ago , I was a bad guy who wanted to fight anyone , so no one wanted to be my friend .
One day in the post office , I had an argument with a man who studied at the same university as me , and I challenged him to fight with me : I thought it would solve the problem between us .
He did not want to fight with me because he was smaller than me , so he just ignored me and walked away .
That made me get crazy and angry , so I knocked him down with only one punch .
After that , he told the teacher who was responsible for that class , and she called me into her room and asked me questions .
At that time , I was really proud of myself that I could beat him so easily .
The day after , I was thinking deeply and just realized that I was wrong and should not hurt him because I was angry .
I decided to talk to him and asked him to forgive me .
I felt relieved he forgave me .
This story tells us that sometimes we can not control ourselves , but we should be alone and think positively or take a deep breath , and that will make us calm down .
Hi , my name is Priscila and I have just realized that I am a writer , too .
I am Brazilian and I started to learn how to write in Portuguese when I was 7 years old .
I think this period when we start to write is magical , because we can access an entire new communication world .
From 7 to 18 years old , I mainly wrote for school during classes , homework , and tests .
When I was 16 , I lived in Nicholson - PA - USA .
I was an exchange student and attended high school there .
That was the first time my work was assessed on the way I wrote in English .
This experience was very important and made me more confident about my English skills .
Back to Brazil , during college I started researching and writing about economics .
I love economics , so I kept studying and I have got a masters and a PHD degree in labor economics .
I had to write a dissertation and a thesis and , I will not lie , these writing processes were very hard , but I learned a lot about academic writing .
Today , I work as an economics professor at the Federal University of Goias , in Brazil .
Because of my work , I have to write all the time , to my students , to my colleagues and to the academic community in general .
I want to discuss the results of my research with everyone that is interested in it , from Brazil or from any other place in the world .
Therefore , for me , writing in English , now , is more important than ever .
I expect that this course will help me develop my English skills , so that I can write my papers , communicate and discuss my research in a more effective way .
In the modern world , public transport has become less important as travelling by car is said to be more convenient . Travelling by car also reduces people 's journey time and they do n't need to wait for a particular bus .
It may also be because , as people are getting richer , they do n't need to use public transport as a more comfortable option is always there waiting for them .
Though public transport is more advantageous to the environment , people just want to get their personal needs satisfied .
The world is moving faster and everyone has to be fast enough to compete in this modern world .
While comparing the drawbacks of public transport with modernized vehicles , public transport may not seem to be a better choice .
But this is not true .
More usage of vehicles may cause serious problems such as depletion of natural resources and environmental issues such as pollution .
Although the maintenance cost of car is quite expensive , it does not stop people from using cars , since convenience matters to them the most and not money .
Many people think that public transport is only for the poor and not for the rich .
If it continues , no resources will be spared for the future generation .
Everyone should remember , " Nature has enough resources to satisfy our needs , not our greed . "
Nowadays , many people around the globe are trying to acquire a second language . When it comes to deciding between learning in our own country and learning abroad , we can find several pros and cons that might make us fairly confused .
On the one hand , an advantage of studying in your own country is that you would be able to share with people with the same problems during their learning process as you .
However , a major drawback would be the lack of exposure to the language that is intended to be learnt .
On the other hand , the most important advantage of studying abroad would be precisely , the exposure , which would help you understand the language from native speakers ' point of view and be aware of how some expressions or words are actually used .
However , as a disadvantage , we must consider the cost of studying abroad , because it can be rather expensive .
To sum up , the best way of learning English , or rather the best place to do it , depends on each person 's means and learning style , but it is definitely possible to acquire a second language both at home and abroad .
People try to skip Good Friday because , there are no feasts no that day .
Moreover , it is the most sombre day of the year , which recalls the Crucifixion caused by people 's sins .
People prefer to meet happiness and positive thinking to talking about death and suffering .
They want to skip this day and move to Easter Sunday- the day of happiness and renewal .
Accordingly , the author compares Easter to a pagan spring festival , where people were joyful because of spring coming just as a Christian is joyful about the Resurrection .
2 . We flinch from consideration of Good Friday because we do not like thinking of a sad situation .
People choose pleasant entertainments instead of talking about death , suffering and self - sacrifice .
Today people are not willing to sacrifice themselves for other people .
Everyone is individual and worries about themselves , because it is an easier way to live .
Above all , people are not used to undergoing suffering and , what is more brutal , death .
4 . The author mentions the origin of the word ' compassion ' , in order to remind people of the meaning of that word .
It means to ' suffer with ' .
Nevertheless , people keep this compassion tidied away , because it is too painful for them to stand .
Not only do they run away from uncomfortable situations , but they also prefer to see them on screens .
Actually , they choose the Good Life , because they can not cope with their own suffering without cultural understanding .
I want to write about the best vacation I ever had .
It took place about two years ago .
My school friends and I went to the Dominican Republic . It 's a Caribbean country with amazing beaches .
Even though I do n't like places like that , I rather enjoyed this trip a lot .
Maybe it was because I was with my friends and I could find many ways to spend my time with them or it could also be the great environment .
I remember we got there on the first of October on a Saturday night , and I will never forget the rush of warmth I felt as soon as I stepped out of the plane .
First , I thought that it was something else causing the warmth , but later on I learned that the weather was like that all the time and I just had to get used to it .
When we got to the resort , we all checked in and went to our designated rooms . I was sharing a room with my friend Emily .
After unpacking , we left our room to look around the rest of the resort .
We found a club , 3 big pools , sports fields and , of course , the amazing beach , though we could n't see much of it because it was really dark at night .
The next day , we made sure to go to the beach early and we had a blast with our other friends .
This went on until the last day of our trip .
We were , obviously , sad because this amazing time was ending but happy as well for the memories we shared together . I will remember this vacation for the rest of my life .
Television is one of the most important inventions of the last century since it has had a great impact on societies around the world .
Since television was first invented , it has influenced different aspects of people 's lives .
Since television was launched onto the market , it has acquired other purposes besides entertaining , such as communicating and advertising . That is why the possibility of it having educational purposes has been widely discussed .
Television can certainly educate , it has great potential for doing so , because of the way it presents information and the range of people it can reach .
Television can educate in several ways . To mention some : by providing and extending information given on certain courses at school , and by providing information that is not even taught at school .
It is very exciting that entertainment and education can be merged to accomplish the spread of knowledge among the masses in an enjoyable way .
Television can educate through content whose main purpose at first was entertaining .
Television series , contests , movies , and news do it all the time without us being aware of it .
Dear Sir / Madam ,
I am writing regarding the advertisement for USA SUMMER CAMPS .
I found this advertisement in the newspaper and I would like to state the reasons why I think I am suitable for the job advertised .
First of all , I would like to point out that I have some experience in the area , since I have worked as a group leader before .
Last year I was in Canada and two years ago I fulfilled the same role in England .
The groups I was in charge of mostly consisted of people of ages 6 to 12 , although I once had a chance to work with a group of young adults as well .
Everywhere I have worked before , I have been praised for being very organised and having the ability to deal with unexpected situations successfully .
I like to consider myself an energetic person .
Usually , I do n't have much time to spend on myself , since I am always occupied with something .
I have been a member of a basketball team since the age of 5 and I have recently become a young ladies ' group 's coach .
As for my cooking abilities , I used to work as a kitchen assistant during the summertime .
I did that for three summers and I still help out at my parents ' restaurant when a they are in need of a hand .
I would really appreciate it if you could take my application into consideration .
If you do , I would also like to be sent the accommodation details , if possible , to the following address : 62Dssy7@gmail.com .
If you need any other details , let me know so that I can send them to you as soon as possible .
Yours faithfully .
Rosa .
P.S. I have attached my CV
Dear Sir or Madam :
I am writing in response to your advertisement , which I saw in the International Newspaper to apply for the job in the USA Summer Camps .
This year , I finished my degree in Mathematics at the University of Zaragoza and in September , I will start to study to become a teacher .
I have also studied English for ages and I think that I have a good level .
Moreover , this job would be an excellent experience to improve my English and make me more self - confident .
As for my experience , I love working with children and I sometimes take care of my nieces who are 10 years old .
My degree took up all my free time this year . However , I tried to go on doing sport , especially running and playing football . I also try to keep up with the latest trends in sports events .
I would describe myself as a sociable , responsible , trustworthy and hardworking person who likes working with children .
For all these reasons , I feel that I have a lot to offer your summer camp .
I enclose my CV and I would be glad to attend an interview at any time convenient for you .
I look forward to hearing from you very soon .
Yours faithfully ,
My favorite sport is football , but it is not a sport that I like to play , it 's a sport to watch because it 's beautiful , very cool and very exciting to support a team in a championship .
I am Brazilian , and like almost everybody in my country , I 'm a big football fan .
I 've always loved to watch soccer , since I was a little kid , because my father was a great fan of the biggest team in Brazil , Flamengo .
Actually , in his honor I had a Flamengo shield tattooed on my back on the left side because there was n't a better way to pay homage to him than a Flamengo tattoo .
The World Cup is happening now in my country , Brazil .
I love it when this event happens , so many incredible games going on , the best players in the world , three games per day at the start , and with very good - looking players .
I do n't know what exactly happens , but in every World Cup the atmosphere changes , everybody becomes happier , Mc Donalds launches the tastiest hamburgers , people go out to watch games with friends in bars or they meet in somebody 's house .
I love the World Cup despite the fact that it being in Brazil has brought a lot of political problems , or just shown us how corrupt our government can be with the huge overpriced projects , a lot of money that has been spent on unfinished stadiums , with shameful delays in their construction , etc .
I love the World Cup , but I certainly would have preferred it if it had been in another country .
I love to run because I think it is good for my mental and physical health .
Just running 30 minutes a day , you can improve your physical activity , lose weight , and improve your brain .
Also , it helps you to release the daily stress and is a good motivator .
Everybody needs to know about the benefits they can get from running .
You start walking 10 minutes each day , then for 20 minutes and you can add more minutes till you start running for 30 minutes and then for an hour .
The best place to run is a nice spot close to the park .
You just need a pair of running shoes and clothes appropriate for the weather .
In winter , you need to put on heavy clothes , while in summer lighter clothes , a hat and a pair of glasses will be all you need .
It is very important to put some sunblock on your face , neck and hands .
In winter I go running for half an hour in the afternoons , but in summer I go out and run in the mornings and in the afternoons to enjoy the nice weather .
Sometimes , you feel that you do n't want to do it , but believe , once you put on your shoes , things change and you enjoy the running as you do it all the time .
It started a few years ago when I was a little overweight .
Being a person that loves sports , it is hard for me to see myself gaining pounds through the years .
Once I decided that I needed to do something , I started walking around my neighbourhood .
After three months , I was running faster and the pain in my heels disappeared .
I was still out of breath sometimes , but I kept doing it because I wanted to achieve my goal of losing 10 pounds .
After six months I was running almost 2 miles each day .
And now I run 4 miles a day .
So , do n't be lazy , get up and start running .
It is a great journey that is worth it !
Dear Sir / Madam ,
I am writing to express my interest in applying for the Sample Analyst position in your Laboratory .
I hold a Master 's degree in Environmental Biology and , previously , I have had the opportunity to work on international research projects that would provide me with the skills sets I need to be an effective fit in your laboratory .
Based on my understanding of this position , you offer full on - the - job training to your employees and encourage their involvement with all laboratory activities .
This opportunity appeals enormously to me and I feel confident that I can meet the challenges presented by such a role .
While engaged in diverse experiences ( including my research internship , environmental volunteer service , and other types of employment ) , I have maintained standards of excellence at university and demonstrated my ability to take on a number of responsibilities as well as to effectively manage multiple concurrent projects while meeting deadlines .
As an intern in a biological laboratory , I have been trained to quickly learn new fields , think through problems in an analytical manner and maintain flexibility within a demanding schedule .
As a meticulous , organized and result - oriented biologist , I pay great attention to detail , am skilled at gathering data and used to keeping detailed records .
In addition , working closely with a team of dedicated researchers has helped me understand the importance of efficient lab practice and develop my group - oriented skills .
As a result , I am well prepared to collaborate with interdisciplinary teams as well as to be effective at independent work when I am required to use my own initiative to complete a task or solve a problem .
Moreover , through my internship experience , I have acquired good analytical , quantitative and computer skills .
Beyond my coursework , I have taken an active role in international volunteer activities for three years , in the last of which I coordinated projects from beginning to end .
This leadership role required proficient communication skills , as I was providing support to people of different ages , backgrounds ( with varying levels of English ) or levels of technical ability .
With my relevant coursework , lab experience , committed and adaptable attitude , I am confident of excelling in this position . I would welcome the opportunity to join your team and put my skills to work for your laboratory .
Please find attached my Curriculum Vitae for your review .
Thank you for your time and consideration .
I look forward to receiving your reply .
Should you need any additional information , please do not hesitate to contact me .
Yours faithfully ,
Valentina Toscano
Dear Ms. Herrmann
Referring to the job advertisement published on your homepage in September 2014 , I would like to apply for the position as a Analytical Development Team Member .
I am a student in the last semester of a Molecular Life Sciences program and I am looking for an analytical job .
Therefore , I was very interested to read on your website that you have a new position as an Analytical Team Member .
An apprenticeship as a chemical lab technician in a high standard company and a Bachelor of Life Sciences with specialization in analytical chemistry make me a highly suitable candidate for the position .
Furthermore , I have worked successfully for a year after my apprenticeship with different kinds of analytical methods and I was able to improve my knowledge in this area .
Besides , I have always worked productively in a team and GMP was common .
This job in Development would enable me to transfer my learned proficiency into practice in your company .
I am confident that my experience and interpersonal skills will strengthen the team .
I am looking forward to discussing this and other eligibility in an interview with you .
Please contact me by telephone + 41 61 123 45 67 at any time .
Thank you in advance for considering my application .
I am eagerly looking forward to hearing from you .
Yours sincerely
Scout ( Jean Louise ) Finch is a rounded character .
She is the narrator of the story .
from her outer appearance , she seems like a little girl .
She is dark haired , very thin and small .
Talking about her outer appearance , one can easily see that Scout is not " the usual " girl .
Scout 's character is kind of a tomboy .
She does not like to dress like a lady . Even when aunt Alexandra tries to make a lady out of her , Scout refuses to dress or speak like one .
From the outside to her inner qualities .
Scout is a really smart girl .
At a young age , before she went to school , she started reading .
Her intelligence at a young age was a problem for her teacher , Miss Caroline , because she had never had such a well - educated pupil before .
Instead of celebrating it , she somehow inhibits Scout 's learning .
Due to that , Scout gets bored and starts to hate school .
Furthermore , Scout often reacts very impulsively , mostly at a young age .
She goes after Walter Cunningham after she gets in trouble on his behalf .
Also , when she has trouble with her cousin , because she called Atticus a " nigger - lover " , Scout beats her up .
In the first part of the novel , fighting is a technique that works for Scout .
For her , it is a way to make her mind clear .
Later on , Scout begins to understand , not least because of her father and brother , that it is important to think before talking .
Somehow , she reverts back to her old ways .
To conclude , Scout is a smart girl with two sides .
On the one hand , Scout acts very impulsively and is an obstreperous tomboy , but on the other hand , she is very clever and more adult than others at her age .
Scout always develops the story .
Dear Ali ,
How are things with you ?
Are you still working all the hours God sends preparing for your exams ?
I 'm sorry I haven't written for ages , but I was very busy with the school project I had to do this month .
Thanks again for all your help .
I 'm very glad I can finally do something for you after everything you 've done for me .
So , you need information about my country 's eating customs ?
Well then , let 's start with the time we eat and what we eat at those moments here in Holland .
On weekdays , Dutch people take their breakfast , which usually consists of a few sandwiches , somewhere between 7.00 and 8.00 a.m. At the weekend , we tend to sleep in and , therefore , take our breakfast a bit later .
Around 12.00 a.m. , most people have lunch , which also consists of sandwiches and is just as light as breakfast .
When the clock strikes 6.00 p.m. , it 's time for dinner , the only warm meal of the day as well as the heaviest meal of the day .
Let me also tell you something about traditional Dutch meals .
The most important ones are probably hotpots : mashed potatoes and vegetables , often combined with smoked sausage .
In my opinion , some of them are absolutely revolting .
A traditional Dutch meal which I think is far more tasty , consists of thick little pancakes , served warm with melted butter and icing sugar .
Those pancakes are called " poffertjes " .
They can be eaten any time of the day , for breakfast , lunch , supper ...
Whole generations are brought up with this dish , yummy as it is .
Is this enough information for your project ?
If you want to know more about Dutch eating habits , just write to me , and I 'll write back , giving you any other information you might need .
Anyway , I really need to stop now , since I have got to get down to my homework .
All the best with your project ,
Suzanne
My favourite way to travel is most definitely by plane .
There are many reasons why plane travel is the way to go .
First , on a plane , I can get to my destination much faster .
This means I can actually go places .
In a few hours , I can get to some far - away destination .
I can make it a quick trip , too .
I can go to Paris for a long weekend , for example .
The plane will get me there quickly so that I can have
go shopping , eat some lovely French meals , drink lots of wine and return before work on Monday .
Boat trips are long and boring .
I went on an Alaskan cruise in 1997 .
It was freezing cold and most of the time we
were just sitting on the ship with nothing to do but eat .
I also got sea sick .
I definitely do n't recommend it .
Trains are also boring , unless you take a bullet train , and I get motion sickness .
Therefore , when it comes to speed and being able to go places , planes are definitely the best type of transportation available .
I highly recommend a plane trip as soon as possible .
In today 's intercultural world , one of the best assets people and nations can have is tolerance and a deep appreciation of cultural values different from their own .
No wonder most training includes intercultural communication and cultural awareness courses .
However , it is probably a truism that reading about or watching films about a country are only pale substitutes for actually going to visit a place and experiencing the differences yourself .
And the longer you stay in a place different from what you are accustomed to , the more opportunities you have to really understand what makes people behave a certain way , what they really like and dislike and how their community works .
It was a calm evening .
One could almost feel the silence .
It was as if a huge storm was coming .
No one in the neighborhood had a clue of what was about to happen in the next few hours .
All of a sudden there was a loud voice that echoed through the neighborhood , and one can almost imagine the silence shattering like a glass .
People started emerging from their houses , their faces petrified with fear .
Not knowing where the sound had come from , they were pulling out smartphones from their robes and jamming their fingers on the screen .
Almost all of them were heard shouting in panic " There has been a terrorist attack in our neighborhood " .
But there was only one person who knew what and where that explosion had occurred .
He was in disbelief , flabbergasted , never expecting that the person living next door would do something so heinous .
Just a day before Michael , was arguing with his friends that Rasheed was a very nice guy .
Well educated , open - minded , a liberal at best .
So what if he originated from the Arab peninsula ? That does not imply that he is a terrorist .
He has been living in the U.K . for the past 20 years .
But this act was beyond question .
This was something that could not be argued about .
Not knowing what the intelligent thing to do would be , the first thing that came to his mind was calling the police .
After briefing the call respondent about every detail that he had known about Rasheed .
He darted towards the backyard , jumped over the hedges .
Sprinted towards what seemed like flames , only to find Rasheed standing across it , blood pouring from his right hand .
In just a split second the whole incident was explained .
What Michael thought to be a terrorist attack was a gas cylinder exploding .
First came the confusion and then remorse .
Knowing that he had jeopardized his friendship with Rasheed , he quietly returned to his house .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Shopping can be seen as the most effective way to spend free time .
Whenever there is a possibility to buy a new item , one should do it .
Shopping has become a way of life for some people , who see it as a hobby as well as a pleasant activity .
However , it is not always enjoyable .
Suffice it to say , buying new items may be viewed as a waste of time .
Shopping without purchasing anything tends to be exhausting .
There is also a possibility of buying unnecessary items .
Often , it turns out , a purchase should not take place at all , the reason being lack of money .
Nonetheless , the value of time is as important as money .
The main reason for this is the fact that free time could be spent in a more sophisticated way .
Likewise , the joy of shopping is dependent upon the items one intends to purchase .
Obviously , shopping for food is not equivalent to purchasing clothes .
The article " Stairways to Heaven : Gothic Architecture , Heavy Metal , and the Aesthetics of Transcendence " is an unparalleled one in terms of the discussion it provokes .
The author starts his discussion by discussing his particular passion for Gothic architecture , and this passion is rather vivid throughout the entire article .
In order to explain the nature of Gothic architecture and its major aspects , the author efficiently employs musical analogies .
One of the major arguments in the article is the comparison between Gothic architecture and Heavy Metal rock music .
Bork believes this very comparison to be an efficient one , as it employs parallels that are easily understandable for a wider audience due to the utilization of simple terms that they can relate to .
Furthermore , he finds that there are many similarities between the development of Gothic architecture and Heavy Metal rock music .
For example , the purpose of both is to induce awe and they both employ the concepts of distortion ( Bork 1 ) .
What is more , these styles usually tend to abandon classical tendencies , and both rose in response to a new demand in the culture .
The public transport system is overburdened today .
The number of people using public transport far outstrips the number of people the transport system was designed to handle .
The trains and buses are crowded , and newer routes do not reflect the changing demand .
Mass production has made cars more affordable for the middle class in recent years .
Also , the increase in disposable income has given more buying power to consumers .
Both these factors have led to increased purchasing of cars over the last few years .
This trend is likely to continue in the future .
Public transport can not rival the sheer mobility that cars offer to their owners .
Cars have the ability to take you from your home to your place of work without any stopovers .
If you have to take a train , you have to reach the train station by walking , taking a taxi or taking a bus .
Then , after you get off the train , you again have to find your way to your destination by either walking or using another mode of transport .
Cars make it easier to transport children and luggage .
They are safer and cleaner .
Cars are here to stay .
The same , however , can not be said about public transport .
Alison read the note , smiled , and immediately put on her coat .
She breathed a heavy sigh of relief as all the panic was finally over for her !
Her cherry - red face glistened vigorously in the golden brown sunset like a perfectly baked pastry , as the last of the sun 's rays beamed down over the horizon .
Stepping through the crisp autumn leaves , Alison could hear them crackling and crunching under her feet , filling the night with sounds from the past .
At this point , the vivid strands of grass were hardly visible ; the darkness had covered them like a blanket on a new born baby .
Finally , after a few minutes of walking , Alison approached a tree .
She sat down in the freezing cold night shivering nervously as she watched the mud from the ground stain her obsidian black leggings .
In the distance was the sound of panting , it came like a gust of wind in the still silent night .
In the blink of an eye , a small dark figure sped over to Alison .
It jumped around ferociously as if everything was just a game and that is when Alison realised things were now so much better than before ...
Choosing a favorite season would be difficult because they are all special to me .
They each have something to offer and are unique in every way .
Winter is one of my favorites because it is so beautiful to see everything covered with a white sheet of snow .
It also cools you down from all the heat left from the summer and into the fall .
You have fun with your family making snow angels and have snowball fights .
Spring is a good season because it is between winter and summer , temperatures are not too cold and not too hot .
You are comfortable wearing a light jacket outside instead of a heavy warm coat .
You can walk and smell the flowers beginning to bloom .
The birds start chirping early in the morning .
It lets you know that summer is near and so is summer vacation .
Summer is great because it 's time to put your feet up and relax .
There is no more school and you can go to sleep late and wake up late .
Relatives visit or you can visit them .
You can also do some traveling and explore new places .
Relaxing in the pool on a floating lounge chair enjoying cold lemonade is the ultimate experience .
Autumn is also a great season because of all the colorful leaves falling even though they are a hassle to pick up , especially in the pools .
You can have fun walking with friends and admiring the different shades of colors on the leaves .
The different colors warm your soul .
Autumn is such a calm season .
The leaves turn beautiful tones of yellow , orange , and red .
Everyone is starting over with a new class , a new teacher , and some new friends .
When you drive through the neighborhoods you notice that families are all gathered in some kind of celebration .
You get such a warm feeling .
It 's such a peaceful time .
Now you know why I can not choose one of the seasons .
All of them are special in every way .
I love them all .
I 'm just glad I get to enjoy every single one .
Dear Sir ,
My name is Natalia Maciejewska Quiñónez and I am a citizen of Castellón .
I am writing this letter to inform you about a serious problem that we are having in the city .
Recently , things have been disappearing from our homes .
We have called the police , but they ignore us .
The first few days , they patrolled the city and helped us .
However , now it seems that they do not care what happens .
The police should help and make sure that we are safe , right ?
That is why I am writing this letter , to let you know what is happening in the city and to tell you that the police are not doing their job .
I would like the local town council to help us find out what is happening .
People are afraid and we need help urgently .
I would also like you to talk to the police department , because the police have to do their job and make sure we are all safe , not ignore us and say that everything is fine when everything is wrong .
Thank you ,
Natalia
I had never felt so nervous ... I looked at the audience . Everyone was looking at me .
On the left , I saw my parents . Okay , inhale , exhale , I can do this .
I have always dreamed of this , being a musical star on Broadway .
I competed in singing competitions when I was younger and I took acting classes .
My parents always supported me , they always believed that I could do this .
I arrived in New York four months ago .
When I was taking a walk through the neighbourhood , I saw this poster about the musical Wicked and they were looking for someone to play the lead .
Of course , I took this opportunity and two weeks later I had to do an audition .
I felt like I messed up , but the next day I got a call that I got the role .
I trained weeks for this , I took extra singing and acting classes .
I did n't speak for days to spare my voice .
And finally , the moment was there , the opening night .
My friends and family were there to support me .
I put on my costume and walked on stage . I had to wait until the curtains opened .
Suddenly the curtains opened , the show started !
Many people still consider television only as a way to relax , be entertained and stop thinking about all the problems that might worry them .
It is also important , though , not to underestimate all the educational possibilities that it gives you , as sometimes you can learn more from a documentary than from a school book .
What emerged from the discussion we had in class , is that plenty of students spend their free time watching useless reality or TV shows , procrastinating instead of studying for school .
As it is a very common phenomenon among teenagers , schools should show them that television also enables you to learn something new .
A clear example is that watching television in another language is of vital importance if you aim to learn new vocabulary or improve your comprehension skills , and it makes studying a language really fun and enjoyable .
On the other hand , it is difficult to focus and pay attention while you are in front of a TV screen .
Getting distracted is extremely likely , therefore people watching educational programs may end up switching the TV off or turning over to another channel , as a good movie or any other entertainment is way more appealing .
If I had to choose whether to consider television educational or not , I would definitely say it is .
Nevertheless , we should use it in an appropriate way and be careful about what are the sources of the information told during a TV show , as it might be misleading .
Dear Mr. Leader ,
I 'm glad I met you and your group of overseas students .
I 'm sure that you wo n't be disappointed with the town I live in because there is a lot to see !
I 'm really keen to show you all the interesting places around .
To my mind , you 're probably totally exhausted because of travel and those first few days when you had to get to know your new surroundings .
So , as you asked me , I 'll propose an interesting place to visit where you could take a rest and relax .
Kachl 's Park is a perfect place to spend some time walking along paths , sitting on a bench , talking to each other .
In the public garden there are two ponds ( really nice place to sit and admire the landscape ) , an antique wooden church , a swimming pool .
There is also quite a big concert hall where , if you are lucky , you can enjoy some interesting concerts ( in general for free ) .
I think it 'll be a perfect place where you can spend some free time .
I can show you around the place and tell you a bit more about the city .
I can also recommend other places worth seeing in Bytom .
Write back to me as soon as you decide when you want to go to the park . I 'll go with you with pleasure .
Take care ,
Wydra
Dear Sir or Madam ,
when I saw your advertisement , I instantly thought that I would like to work in one of your summer camps .
My name is Seraina Fennstermacher , I live in Switzerland at the moment , although I grew up in the U.S. I have two children myself , and I always liked working with children .
Since my younger child moved out last year I have a lot of free time , so I would love to spend the summer working in one of your camps .
I am an outgoing and happy person and like to be around people .
Since I used to work as a secretary , I feel capable of organizing sports and evening activities , if you choose to let me do so .
Even though cooking is not my favorite chore , I would n't mind working in the kitchens .
After this short description of myself , I would just like to say that I have only heard good things about your summer camps from my relatives in the U.S. , so it would be my pleasure to work for you .
I hope to hear back from you ,
Yours faithfully ,
Seraina Fennstermacher
Dear Sir / Madam
I am writing to you with concern about the U - turns your party have made and your broken promises .
We believe none of the promises your party made have been brought into action .
It was said you would stand up for elderly and ill people but nothing has changed .
Security against terrorist attacks was promised to be stepped up , but policemen are not seen in the streets and neither are security cameras .
People were counting on this party to increase public expenditure , but pensions have stayed the same .
People really need these improvements and you only gave them fake hopes .
One of the most disappointing things is that you played down the situation we are living in and the needs people have .
We were told this party would speak out against corruption , but now it is your own policy , and promises seem like they were a bad joke .
You made huge U - turns by raising taxes and changing your policies .
We hope this letter will make you back down and apologize to the ones that vote for your lies .
Fortunately , we discovered the real policy this party has and is really coming under fire .
People are noticing your promises are not going to be kept and I am sure there will be plenty of people complaining about the lack of truth in your promises .
Yours faithfully ,
Lara Calvillo
Line of Duty , a powerful and gripping drama that gets the nation talking
Line of Duty is a British police drama , created by Jed Mercurio , about the investigations of AC-12 , a controversial Police Anti - Corruption Unit .
A large list of characters appears through the episodes , being the common thread that connects the two seasons the regular ones : Martin Compston ( as DS Steve Arnott ) , Vicky McClure ( as DC Kate Fleming ) and Adrian Dunbar ( as PSupt Ted Hastings ) .
Therefore , the first chapter features Detective Sergeant Steve Arnott , a high - flying counter - terrorism officer , who is recruited to AC-12 after refusing to collude with his colleagues in the cover - up of a failed operation in which a man was mistakenly shot by another cop .
He 's one of AC-12 's leading investigators although he sometimes has the tendency to let his personal feelings sway his professional judgement .
Fleming plays his partner 's role , an AC-12 undercover specialist , who prides herself on being the consummate professional , unmoved by emotional considerations .
Both of them share a superior , Hastings , who remains the ethically upstanding senior investigating officer ; zealous and suspicious , not being everyone 's cup of tea .
Even though widely recognised for his impeccable ethical standards , he hides a drastic change in his personal circumstances .
Their scenes are repeatedly stolen , though , by the real stars of the show , the officers who are under suspicion of corruption : Lennie James ( DCI Tony Gates ) in the first season , and Keeley Hawes ( DI Lindsay Denton ) in the second one .
With calculated precision , the plot hatches a story where there are no goodies and baddies , and throws in a few twists and turns that make your jaw drop -indeed , Detective Chief Inspector Tony Gates has adopted a set of particular ethical principles and , nevertheless , he 's adored by his loyal team , has got a nice family and has recently been awarded " Officer of the Year " .
To conclude , those who ultimately felt miserable after the end of the spellbinding second season need not worry ; Line of Duty writer Jed Mercurio has been commissioned by the BBC to write the third and fourth series , and if you haven't tried it before , you 've just about got time to catch up .
If you were a UK tourist coming to Switzerland for a short weekend break fifteen years ago , you would have found yourself in a situation where no shops had Sunday opening hours .
I clearly remember bringing milk and bread over from Heathrow on Sunday mornings !
But the situation is completely different now !
Now you can shop on Sundays although your shopping spree will still be limited to Zurich railway station and the airport , not to mention some limited choice of simple foods at occasional motorway services .
But it is an improvement , to say the least !
Although the size of the average supermarket in Switzerland will still remind you of a medium - sized village shop , there has been improvement there as well !
We can now see international brands we are used to in the UK .
One can choose between organic and low - fat products , some of which are produced far from our shores .
But the prices will shock and surprise you , they are double or triple the UK ones .
Not a good experience for ill - hearted !
If you have strong nerves , do your window shopping in Bahnhofstrasse in Zürich .
But do not go in !
You can find the same stuff in Italy for half the price !
The old house looked abandoned .
Sarah got off her bike and looked through the window .
She immediately noticed that the glass was broken , probably shattered in pieces by those boys who invited her to play with them at the mansion .
Sarah was not exactly the coolest girl in the school but she came anyways , thinking that maybe for once she would be accepted in their group . But no one was to be seen behind that window .
Sarah could never have imagined that the sneaky boys were hidden inside the abandoned house waiting for her entrance with eggs and tomatoes in their hands , ready to smash them into her face .
She was just about to open the door to check the inside when , suddenly , a scream echoed from the house , the door slammed open and the group started running at full speed , chased by four big spiders who had just discovered that their home had just been occupied .
Sarah peeked through the door and immediately realized the evil intentions of the group . "
I guess what goes around comes around !
" she shouted to them with a smile on her face . With this story to tell she will finally shut those boys ' mouths at school .
Something was wrong !
She was sure about that .
She knew her husband better than herself and had noticed his strange behavior for a while .
Usually he was energetic , full of confidence , ready to party .
But not any more .
He was absent - minded all the time , he did not listen to her and when she asked him a question , he just shrugged his shoulders or wrinkled his nose .
Maybe they could not avoid the seven - year itch .
Maybe he had a mistress .
But she had no intention of giving up .
She had fought too hard for this life and she would not let their long - standing relationship be ruined just like that .
They met each other nine years ago .
By accident , he thought .
An accident which had been well prepared by her .
She always planned her steps carefully .
Her mother was a shy woman who did not know what to do to escape from poverty and even though she had two or three jobs all the time , they did not know if they would have somewhere to sleep the next night .
So he was her escape .
He was well - off and funny .
He was not stupid , but you could not expect any pearls of wisdom from him .
He had never worked , but they had been living in a 40-room house with a huge garden and so many servants that she could not remember their names .
They had never worried about money - all bills were paid by his trust fund .
Who would want to lose this kind of lifestyle ?
So she decided to ask him straight away .
" Have you got a mistress?",she asked one morning when they were having breakfast .
He had not seen that coming and became white as a sheet , raised his eyebrows and just exploded .
" How could you even say that ? I would never ever do that to you . "
At that moment he was like a bear with a sore head .
She wanted answers and to have them he needed to be alive not dead of a heart attack .
So she tried to calm him down .
" What is going on then ? And do not lie to me ! You have always been a very bad liar ! "
He held his breath for a second , pursed his lips
and then words just slipped of his tongue .
" We are broke .
We do not have any money left .
So I have found a job " .
" Are you kidding me ? You have never worked in your life .
What can you possibly do ? "
" I am a porter .
Every morning I go to the port and unload ships .
Nobody there knows me so you should n't be afraid that some of our friends will recognise me .
Nobody will ever know that we are poor now " .
It was her turn to hold her breath .
She was just numb .
He was strong as an ox , for sure , but working as a porter ?
This must be some kind of joke .
He was waiting for her response .
She had always been level - headed and tried to come up with a plan .
" We can move to smaller house or fire some of the servants ? "
" That is impossible ! What would our friends say ?
And where would I put my wine collection ? I would rather work as a porter than live in a 20-room house " .
They definitely had different ideas of poverty .
But before clarifying that , she wanted to ask one more important question :
Where , for God 's sake , had the money gone ? !
It was a cold winter afternoon in England when Michael was born .
Ever since he was a little boy , people around him had known that this child had a strange character .
He was really moody and he could go from extreme happiness to the most absolute sadness in a few seconds .
When he grew up he struggled to overcome his illness and he became a sane , strong , handsome young adult man .
However , all the people in his neighbourhood feared him because of his past .
Michael had always felt alone and he was fed up with that situation .
Therefore , he decided that he was going to meet new people to begin a new life .
At the age of twenty years , he got a job as a personal trainer where he earned enough money to rent a flat .
In this way , he moved to his new neighbourhood where everybody respected him .
One day , he fell in love with one of his female customers .
She was a beautiful , tall , blond , Polish girl called Magda who worked as an architect in a studio in the center of London .
Their relationship had been excellent since the first time that they had met each other and two months later they decided to become lovers .
Michael 's new life was working out for the best but it is very difficult for anyone to escape from his past .
Although his life was perfect , he began to feel sick and sad and he remembered his past life when he was a child .
Slowly he became ill one more time .
Although he had been trying to hide this , his personal problems were obvious and Magda did n't feel happy with him .
Finally , their relationship broke up and Michael fell deeper into his illness than ever .
Three months later , Magda was walking with her new boyfriend and Michael saw them . He was totally insane and jealous . He grabbed an enormous stick from the nearest tree and he beat them as hard as he could .
The attack lasted two endless minutes which were full of suffering , blood and pain .
The young couple of lovers fell on the floor and Michael ran away to his home .
His insane evil mind did n't go away until he reached his flat .
At that moment , everything changed , he remembered his childhood , his recovery and his sane life . Then Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
In my opinion , public transport is doomed , because travelling by car is much more convenient and at the same time the easiest way to reach any destination you wish to get to .
On the one hand , public transport is slow and uncomfortable .
People have to sit next to other people they do n't know for a long time . In other words , you may be sitting next to suspicious passengers .
Pickpockets are frequent and you might end up being robbed , losing your money , credit cards and personal ID card as well .
On the other hand , travelling by car allows you to establish your own pace , even when you travel to a place you do not know so well .
This means you can set the time you want to leave , because you do not have to respect a specific timetable .
Furthermore , you can choose an alternative road , rather than taking a main road .
This way you will have the chance to have a more relaxing journey through the countryside , traffic will not be so intense and aggressive , and finally , you can plan the time you want to arrive , using a GPS or other technology to help you plan your journey .
To sum up , travelling by public transport can be advantageous when you travel inside a town , but when you have to travel outside your specific territory , nothing is better than a car .
Michael had been working very hard , and just seemed to really be overwhelmed by all the work he had been carrying out over the course of the month .
Well , on this particular morning , Michael seemed to be getting along quite well , he appeared to be energetic and very vibrant that particular morning .
His attention to detail appeared to be trustworthy and correct , and normally his attention to detail is not something that is challenged , because of how reliable he is .
Well , as the day was coming to a close , Michael had a distinct feeling that something just was n't correct but he dismissed that feeling and continued with his day as he usually does .
Well , the day 's responsibilities , in Michael 's mind , had been successfully accomplished and he felt really confident about all he had accomplished .
Needless to say , Michael could n't have been any more deceived than he had realized , because the unfortunate thing is that when he was doing his walk - through in all of his department the inventory that was supposed to be submitted was in fact inaccurate .
Because , after , Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Dear Jane ,
How are you feeling ?
You sounded really stressed in your last email and I am worried about that .
Are things better today ?
I know you are under a lot of pressure because of your final exams and I can really understand how you are feeling right now , buried in a mountain of books and notes , with no free time for other things or just to relax .
I 've been through all these things .
Do n't you remember how you cheered me up when things could n't get any worse ?
I think you should take a break .
Nothing is worth getting stressed out about .
If you can study in short bursts and take some breaks , you 'll be more efficient by far in your studies than slogging away for hours on end .
Think about it !
Another thing that helped me a lot was doing sports regularly near home .
Jogging or going out for a walk helped me to boost my energy levels and to clear my mind .
It really works !
What about your meals ?
I think it 's very useful - and right now I sound like your Mom - to eat properly .
You should forget fast food like McDonald 's hamburgers !
Try to eat fresh food , such as salads , tons of fruit , and you 'll feel better .
Believe me !
Seriously , if there 's anything I can do , please let me know .
I 'd love to hear from you and maybe we can make some plans to meet up .
Take care and do n't let it get you down !
Lots of love
Ainoa .
What are the values of young people nowadays ?
To answer this question , the first thing to consider is if young people really have sincere values , or on the contrary , if they are only simple copies of a current model of a fake society which imposes unattainable stereotypes on them .
Nowadays there are many teenagers who lack their own identity .
They spend all their time thinking only about money , social networks or fashion .
Nevertheless , far from arrogance and vanity , we can still find some young people who have interesting personal values that are used by them to define their lifestyle .
Some values such as solidarity and empathy , that were believed lost , can appear surprisingly in the personality traits of many young people today .
In addition , these personal values joined others such as courage , curiosity , imagination and the sense of adventure , are important aspects to consider and they can become very effective weapons to change the world if they are used suitably .
Considering all this , nowadays it is socially important to develop positive values among young people , such as respect and tolerance , to create honest adult people .
The 21st century has given a new meaning to the word friendship .
From what evolved as a comradeship between 2 people based on acquaintance , mutual interest and companionship , it has moved forth to relationships where people have not even met one another physically .
In the past , friends were made when people met each other , other than , of course , pen friends .
Today , with technology , friends are made at the click of a key , be it on social media or mobile devices .
Friendship was nurtured and we took time to do activities with friends and best friends were limited to one or two of the closest associates .
Today , with the BFF concept , one has a best friend in every nook and cranny for different purposes .
Friendship stood the test of time and grew stronger with disagreements , fights and misunderstanding , all being resolved and forgotten in the name of friendship .
Today a minute incident can just tear apart a friendship .
We made the extra effort to be friends in the past and it generally worked both ways .
Today , friendships are take take take and very few stand the test of time .
Friendship today is a friend or friends for each season and reason , while the friendship of the past was whatever the situation or time a friend stands through .
I 'm 24 years old , so I belong to the previous generation , when family , school and life in general worked in a different way , from my point of view .
I have a wonderful family , made up of my father , my mother and my two siblings ( a sister and a brother ) , both older than me .
I consider myself lucky because I know I can always count on them , and because they love me as much as I love them .
However , this does n't mean that my parents , especially when I was a child , always told me " yes " and let me do whatever I wanted to .
On the contrary , I grew up with many " no " s , and I do not always agree with them in different situations .
But they taught me all the important values and good manners , and I 'm grateful to them for that .
Because nowadays I see around me kids who are pleased in every way by their parents : they buy them whatever they want , and behave like " friends " .
I believe that this is wrong , because by doing so they 're not doing their job well .
Parents must be parents , and friends must be friends .
This does n't mean that parents should keep themselves distant from their children ; on the contrary , a child should talk to their family , asking for advice or just to confront each other , because communication is at the basis of relationships of every kind .
I just think that each of us in our life plays a role , and that being parents is not an easy job , but they should try to do their best .
The Miracle Resort , Bangkok
The Miracle is an extraordinarily large resort .
Counting 33 stories in the main building , it could be the biggest resort in Bangkok .
The resort mainly focuses on children , which is , in my eyes , a good idea .
The focus on children can be found in the huge contribution the Kids Club makes to the daily life in the hotel .
You can find Kids Club 's members everywhere in the hotel , except for your room .
The hotel handles privacy very well and I guess most of the guests will appreciate it .
However , walking distances in the hotel are way too far for families with young children .
You find yourself walking five hundred meters to the swimming pool .
That does n't seem too far , but when you have small children , you could be walking this twelve times a day .
A quick trip to the toilet changes into a 1 kilometer hike , which is not pleasant when you have small children .
In conclusion , the Miracle Resort is a very beautiful and appealing place to go .
There are plenty of things to do , and the ambiance in the hotel is relaxed , so you can really enjoy your holiday .
A more compact building would be more appreciated by most people .
Finding a new job has become a tough task for all people who have just finished their studies .
So a lot of them go abroad in order to find a good job in better conditions .
Unfortunately , my girlfriend and I need to do it too .
I have finished my degree and my girlfriend is just about to do it .
Our plan is to go to Birmingham with my cousin Daniel who has been living there for 3 years and to stay with him just the time we need until we can find a job and a place to spend three months because we must return in October .
As I said before , the main objective is finding a job there , gaining some experience and improving our English level .
I think that it would be quite easy for Montse to find a job , but I am quite worried about my opportunities .
If I am lucky , I would apply for an interesting job , but I think that I will apply for a normal job such as barman , working in a factory , etc .
If everything goes as expected and we both find a job , we will visit the city of London .
I hope that this adventure goes well , because we are very excited and it would be useful in order to find a job when we come back to Spain .
Laura is the new girl in town .
You can tell because everybody looks at her like she is some crazy murdering kid .
Most of the students at Laura 's new school do not talk to her . They are a little bit too cautious about interacting with her .
Who can blame them ?
They all grew up together and have been friends since their childhood .
Frustrated , Laura accepted her new life of solitude outside of the secret society of others .
But one day she collided with this boy .
His name was Michael .
And she thought that this was her chance to get in , to be one of them .
But Michael was keen on getting rid of her .
He had not spoken one word to Laura , but she followed him around since the incident .
One day , when she followed him home she said : Okay , I give up !
If nobody talks to me , then none of you have the right to judge me .
I do n't want to be a part of your life , because if you act like that without knowing me , then you do not deserve my attention .
He thought that this was very brave , but he did n't have enough confidence to tell her that .
He opened the door to his home , took a deep breath and turned around .
Good !
We do n't want your attention !
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
" Sense8 " is a new kind of television series that has grasped the attention of millions of viewers from the first episode .
This TV series is presented by Netflix , an online service that allows its subscribers to view any TV Show , anywhere , and on any device .
The first difference when compared to ordinary TV Shows is that all episodes from Season One were released at the same time .
This seems like a small thing but it represents a major change in the way people view TV shows .
By releasing all episodes at once , each user can watch each chapter at their own rate and speed , devouring them all in an afternoon or only one per week .
The series provides an unorthodox insight into the lives of eight people that are connected by some sort of magical spirit .
This connection allows them to see through each others ' eyes , and even control each others ' movements .
In order to make the series more interesting , the directors decided that each of the eight chosen ones would be in a different country .
This decision made the series extraordinary , with scenes filmed in Seoul , Nairobi , San Francisco , Mumbai , London , Berlin , Mexico and Chicago .
The series provides an amazing window into eight different , and extraordinary worlds , with beautiful landscapes .
To sum up , I would highly recommend this series to anyone interested in science - fiction , but also to anyone curious about different cultures as " Sense8 " provides an unseen view into the lives of eight very different characters , their surroundings , religions , and traditions .
Hi Juliana ,
Thank you for your email .
To be honest , in the questionnaire you sent , I could give a positive response to most of the questions but I do n't consider myself a code expert .
I could n't answer , in particular , the questions about PHP and MySQL .
In JavaScript I have some experience but not of the necessary quality that is required for such a position , I think .
Like I told you , I 'm a web graphic designer , among other things , focused more on design and my use of code is very limited .
If I have to , I search the web for information and implement it but it requires time .
Perhaps there is some chance of acquiring knowledge during the development of the activity .
About my CV you have . It is up to date and you can keep it . Maybe you have some new offer that matches better with my profile .
I am very interested in multilingual jobs , with German , Spanish , English and Italian , related to marketing , IT web - analytics , Customer service ...
Do n't hesitate to contact me if you have some offer that you think could fit with my background .
I 'm always open to new interesting suggestions .
Have a beautiful day .
Ramón Verdugo
A Love Affair with Baking
What is it about cooking shows ?
Why is it that whenever Ina Garten , Ana Olson or Nigella Dawson is on , I tend to stop everything that I 'm doing and just get fixated on the TV ?
The Food Network has become my favourite channel . I can watch it the whole day !
It 's so relaxing and very informative . I never get bored .
Cooking shows are fun to watch , but my favourite shows are those about cakes and pastries .
I really enjoy baking and I often buy books about it .
Cheesecake , for me , is the simplest yet most sophisticated cake there is .
To make one , just whisk some eggs and sugar , add some milk and a few drops of vanilla and then pour onto a greased cake pan and bake .
After a couple of minutes , take the cake out of the oven and let it cool down .
It 's best served when chilled , so better wait for a few more minutes before diving into it .
To decorate the cake , whip some cream and top with fresh fruit .
Introduction
The purpose of this report is to outline some aspects of my experience , such as , with whom I stayed , where I spent the week and what places I visited .
I will also make reference to some suggestions that might help to improve the exchange programme .
Particularities of the exchange
Recently , I spent a week in Switzerland as a part of a students ' exchange programme .
I stayed with a local family , which happened to be the family of the person that stayed with me when he took part in the same programme .
His name is John , and like me he is doing a degree in Physics Engineering in the hope that someday he can work at a research center , such as CERNE , conveniently located a few miles away from his house .
I strongly recommend that the programme organisers should make interest - free loans available to people wishing to participate in an exchange .
This would allow considerable numbers of talented students to benefit from an opportunity which they would otherwise be unable to take .
Before addressing the question of what is better for young people , I would like to remind you that both activities ( spending time on a computer and watching television ) are harmful for children's / teens ' health .
On the other hand , it 's impossible to imagine our life without computers and television .
With the help of computers , young people can meet new friends , find out a lot of information , take part in forums and discussions .
Surfing the Internet needs imagination , logical thinking and knowledge .
Young people are able to choose what they want to watch / read / listen to , and the choice is practically unlimited .
Television ca n't give such an opportunity .
Precisely here is found the crux of the problem .
There are plenty of free sites with content that is far from moral ; many computer games involve cruelty .
And the idea that , by spending time on Internet chats , young people develop their social skills , is problematic .
I wish it were so !
But getting used to the Internet 's rules of communication , they might find it difficult to face up to reality , and make friends in the real world .
For my part , I spend a lot of time on my computer ( learning English and working ) .
But when I want to relax I 'd rather watch TV with my friends than fritter away time sitting alone in front of the computer !
This restaurant was recommended to me by my aunt who was working just around the corner from this restaurant a few years ago .
This restaurant specializes in southeast Asian cuisine and it is called The Chai .
Personally , what I love about this restaurant is the ambiance .
It has a unique modern - rustic interior design suitable for any occasion , be it a birthday party , family gathering or even a date with your loved one .
Besides that , this restaurant is located in the heart of one of the most popular cities in southeast Asia , Kuala Lumpur .
I was blown away by the breathtaking view of the city from my window .
From my experience , I feel that the food served in this restaurant is of fine quality , not to mention how delicious the food is .
Not only that , I was spoilt for choice as I flipped through the menu as there was a huge variety of southeast Asian food that ranged from Thai food , Indonesian food , Chinese food and the list goes on .
The food on the menu was amazingly not for illustration purposes only as the food they served looked exactly like the food on the menu .
I think this is the most suitable restaurant for this special occasion as everyone would have a wide variety of food to choose from and just let the view of the city enhance the night .
So , as the end of term is getting closer and closer , many students are becoming stressed out and it is certainly not different for me .
But if you know how to deal with your anxiety during the exam period , you can take the success of passing exams for granted .
Firstly , create your timetable .
That is one of the most reliable ways to make sure you will manage things on time without any unnecessary stress .
Place it in the most visible and strategic place in your room and stick to it .
Speaking of mental and physical health , you should definitely get enough sleep .
Without mind and body regeneration , you will not be able to learn as fast and as effectively as you would after a good rest .
To kick off your day , give your body enough energy in the form of proteins .
Also , to activate your brain quicker , go out for some fresh air .
The more oxygen you get for your organism , the easier you will be able to concentrate on anything you do .
Last but not least , the exam itself is the toughest nut to crack .
Focus and go through the given tasks slowly and keep calm .
Mark and leave the most difficult ones until the end .
This method will keep your state of mind assertive and clear .
Good luck with the upcoming exams !
Communication is one of the biggest problems among today 's teenagers .
I remember when I was a kid the only thing I used the phone for was to call my friends to play on the street .
The telephone was a convenience , something used to help people communicate , to make their lives easier .
The Internet changed people 's routine .
Today , the Internet is one of the most effective and efficient ways to communicate .
Telephones changed , technology became smarter and allows people to stay connected everywhere they go .
Despite the large number of advantages that the Internet and phones give us , the use of technology affects people 's ability to communicate face to face .
We communicate through our accounts , emails or chats .
We just take turns talking ( chatting is maybe more correct to say ) and most of the time without any aim .
Using messages , people forget to use grammar or even form full sentences .
But that 's not the biggest problem .
The worst thing is that people do n't know how to talk to each other , how to make conversation with new people or even with old friends .
Emoticons replace emotions , chats replace calls , usernames replace people .
Nowadays , communication face to face is something rare and , most of the time , accidental .
People just take turns talking without putting in any purpose or feelings .
Dear John ,
Thank you for your enquiry and your interest in coming here .
I will give you some information that should help you during your stay here .
There are n't many guidebooks about my city so I will recommend you a place worth seeing .
The most interesting place is the Park of Tradition , opened last year .
The park consists of a complex of renovated buildings .
In the centre of the park there is a shaft which is . The shaft is beautifully illuminated at night .
There is also a building which can be considered an interactive museum .
In a very interesting way you can find out something about the history of Siemianowice and about mines .
There are a lot of old photos compared with new ones .
You can see how places used to look and how they look today .
What impresses me the most is the combination of old elements of the building with glass and bricks .
In that building you can also find a small cinema .
There is also a cafe which serves traditional Silesian cuisine .
During summer , the park organizes many exhibitions and cultural events .
It 's really worth seeing .
I hope you will find time to visit that park .
Silesian culture offers a lot , so I think you will have fun visiting The Park of Tradition .
Take care , hope to hear from you
Kinga .
Basketball - the best sport ever !
I 'm sure you 'll agree with the fact that basketball is a good sport for the body and soul too .
It 's a team sport where you have to start and stop like in aerobics .
It burns lots of calories , builds endurance and builds up muscles .
80% of the game is mental : you have to think about what move you should make next and what the rest of the team is up to .
As well as being a great way to stay fit , basketball can help you to make new friends and make you a good team player .
That 's why basketball is my favourite sport and it should be yours too !
If you are thinking that you should do some sports , you would really enjoy playing basketball .
If you do n't really enjoy playing in a team , do n't worry !
Basketball can be played and enjoyed with as few as two people , even if the official games of basketball require 10 people .
The beauty of this sport is that , as long as you have a ball , you can spend hours dribbling or shooting on your own .
I think that you should start practicing this sport because it helps you physically and mentally and it is a good way to socialize .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
That was it .
It really was over between him and Marianne .
After years of contemplating between staying with Marianne - who was more or less the joy of his parents ' life - not him , Marianne - for life , or leaving and starting afresh , he had finally chosen the latter , thinking that it was the right decision to make at that moment .
But now , every second that passed after that monumental moment just made him feel worse and worse about himself , having second thoughts about whether he should have stayed with Marianne or not .
He sighed as he sat down on the big empty couch and remembered all the memories he shared with Marianne .
Both good and bad .
Their first date was more or less awkward , which was typical for most first dates in life .
He had taken her out to a five - star restaurant , which she insisted was too much , which got Michael to insist that it was okay .
But all awkwardness aside , it ended with a first kiss .
A tidal wave of feelings sparked inside Michael 's head as he moved his lips along with Marianne 's .
A few weeks later saw the occasion of their first fight .
Michael had an unexpected late meeting at work that night and forgot to call home , which made Marianne completely furious ; throwing things at the wall , crashing plates from the counter to the ground , the whole nine yards .
After Michael barely calmed Marianne down , they had a mature heart - to - heart , one someone would say was way too late , but at that moment , it felt right .
His mind then thought of their last kiss .
Man , when was that ?
It had to be about a fortnight ago , before he went to Sochi for a business meeting .
It was merely a goodbye kiss , a quick brush of lips before he had to rush to the airport .
A week later , he found that Marianne was cheating on him with a European businessman he did n't have the mind to remember the name of .
It was the unofficial end of the relationship , the decision before the actual talk .
But at that moment , it ended .
But , in life , you ca n't hold onto the past . You have to keep moving forward .
You have to carry on .
And one day , you 'll find the true love that you 'll trust , the one that 'll catch you when you fall , console you when you cry .
You just have to keep looking .
Nowadays , the healthy habits of young people are very different than in the nineties .
And we need to know the reason for these changes and what we can do to improve them .
Firstly , it is true that young people used to do sports daily anywhere , at school or in the street , and also they did n't use to eat fast food .
Secondly , many people argue that society has experienced great changes in family life .
Parents work outside the home all day .
Although they want the best for their children , sometimes it is difficult because they are tired and they tend to prepare junk food and allow them to spend their time on the internet or playing with video games .
In my opinion , parents should be concerned about their family 's comfort and should motivate their children to do sport , be in contact with a lot of people and avoid eating fast food .
Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately .
However , there was no way he could remember what it was .
He started feeling nervous and dizzy because he knew it was something extremely important .
He decided to get his computer and check his calendar , but it was in his office , which was 8 minutes away by car .
There was no other option , he went to the garage and got into the car .
But there had been a snowstorm and he could n't drive through the snow .
The wind was freezing cold , and now he had to walk to the office , which was a 25-minute walk away .
He put on a jacket and a scarf and left again .
Just to make everything worse , on his way to the office , he slipped on the snow and fell on his back .
Peter got there and had to take practically all of his clothes off because the office was like an oven .
He found the computer and checked his calendar which said : Flight to New York , leaves at 6 pm , on Monday the 19th .
And it was 6:32pm . "
Gosh dang it Peter !
You missed your flight and it was a business trip ! You 're going to get fired ! " ,
he said to himself as he whimpered .
I 'm going to talk about Doctor Who , a British sci - fi TV show about an alien called the Doctor who travels through time and space in a police box called the TARDIS ( Time and Relative Dimension in Space ) .
The first episode aired in 1963 and , since then , Doctor Who has been one of the most famous sci - fi TV shows on television .
Actually , last year was its 50th anniversary and to celebrate it a special episode in 3D was broadcast .
Since the TV show aired the character of the Doctor has been played by 12 actors , the newest one was announced in the summer last year , which is when I was visiting London with my family .
It really caught my attention how relevant Doctor Who is in the UK because almost every time I turned on the TV there was someone talking about who could be the new Doctor . It appeared on the news , in newspapers and on the day the BBC was going to reveal the name of the actor they even made a special show about it .
However , I really liked experiencing that because I had never seen the media in Spain pay so much attention to a TV show .
Since I was in London , I thought I would visit The Who Shop . It is a shop dedicated to Doctor Who and it has a museum with costumes and other things that have appeared in the TV show .
We did n't have much time to go there because it was far from our hotel so I had to go with my father while the rest of my family was somewhere else .
If we had stayed more time , we would have been able to spend more time at the shop , but anyway , I loved going there and meeting other people who also liked Doctor Who and I bought some merchandise from the shop .
When the BBC finally announced who was going to play the 12th Doctor , many fans got upset about their choice because they thought the new actor was too old and they said they did n't like it .
But , hopefully , not everyone was like that .
When an important TV show goes through such a big change not everybody likes it , that is why the same thing happened when the BBC announced who would be playing the 11th Doctor .
Nobody liked him at first , but now that he is leaving everybody loves him and wants him to stay .
Actually , I 'm one of those fans who are sad about the 11th Doctor leaving because he is my favourite one , as he was the one I experienced Doctor Who with , because I started watching the TV show when he was playing the main role .
Anyway , before the BBC had announced who was going to play the Doctor 's role , the fans had started making speculations about who could act as him .
Some said that he would be played by other famous British actors , but others thought that an actress should play the new role .
I found out about Doctor Who because a friend of mine saw people talking about it online and she told me about it .
When I started watching it I thought it was a bit weird but I ended up really liking it .
Thanks to it , I have met a lot of people who share the same interests as I do and I have discovered some of my favourite TV shows .
I like Doctor Who because time travel has always caught my attention . Also , I like it because the plot is incredible . Something that happened in season one can be connected with some of the later episodes .
Dear Sir / Madam
I am writing to apply for the job in summer camps which was advertised in the USA newspaper last week .
As I am studying physical education , I have a lot of experience of looking after children .
Last year , a group of little kids came to university and we had to teach them several games and outdoor activities - thanks to this project , I am able to organise entertaining sports and activities .
I have just completed a 5-year course in English and I got very good marks .
Although I never take lessons in cooking , I cook varied meals at home every day .
I live alone , so no one does it for me .
I am sure I am the right person for the job - because I have patience with children . I know what they enjoy doing , and my cooking skills are very useful too .
I would be able to start immediately .
I hope you will consider my application - I can be contacted by email at any time .
Yours faithfully , Julieta .
Alison read the note , smiled , and immediately put on her coat .
It was one of those indigo nights , almost as if the Northern Lights were shining together with her happiness .
Her little brother was still sleeping with an empty stomach and eyes still wet .
The world is a deserted place , at least it is for Alison and her sibling .
She 's been talking to him plaintively to put him to sleep , reading him the same old tatty paperback book with one fairy tale only .
And when they had nothing to quench their thirst and hunger with , she used to invent imaginary worlds where they are wealthy and do n't have a thought in the world .
The note was almost illegible but Alison knew .
She has been waiting for that moment all her life .
I 'm OK .
The note read and her tears rolled down her pale face .
At least we are not alone , she said and hugged her brother .
I 'm OK .
She read it at least twenty times , then threw it away and prepared her soul for their father 's arrival .
Have you ever travelled by plane ?
Have you or someone you know been to another country , on another continent ?
Most , if not all , of the inhabitants of this planet would answer ' yes ' .
Last century provided us with countless opportunities to be more mobile .
We , humans , can say that we live on the planet Earth without being metaphorical for the first time in all our history .
There are still borders , both on maps and in minds for us to overcome , but the situation has changed drastically in a century or less .
The world of the first half of the XIXth century was quite different from that .
Of course , most westerners were already able to imagine the globe with relative accuracy , but the picture in their minds differed from the one in ours .
It had the same shades as medieval maps that pictured dragons guarding an earthly paradise somewhere near the shore of India .
By ' shades ' I mean not real colors , but those undertones that our mind imparts to everything it comes into contact with .
China and India were almost of the same accessibility for the ordinary carpenter from Edinburgh as they were for his predecessor five centuries ago .
' Education is the most powerful weapon which you can use to change the world . '
- Nelson Mandela . I believe that education is important and it is able to bring about enormous changes to an individual .
When I was a kid , I started to think about being a teacher .
That 's why I have always been making an effort to enhance my knowledge and experiences to be a teacher in my future career .
Since I was in F.5 , when I became capable of teaching somebody , I started to be a Korean teacher and a private English tutor .
From these experiences , I discovered that teaching people will never be an effortless job .
As a teacher , I have to be considerate , unbiased , trustworthy and decisive .
I have to try my best to take care of all students and to ensure that the contents are accessible for them .
Apart from that , it has been good practice for speaking .
As a teacher , I have to talk in front of many students and that helped me to become a better speaker .
I have gained a lot from these experiences .
In order to enhance my knowledge , I tried to grab the chance to raise my English level .
In 2014 , I completed the ' Let 's Debate ' writing program offered by The Standard and wrote a total of 4 articles for the ' Let 's Debate ' column of The Standard Student and Junior Standard .
It was a truly valuable program for me and it improved my English .
Moreover , I also participated in the Standard Chartered Hong Kong English Public Speaking Contest in 2015 .
Although I was not able to attain any awards in the competition , I gained a lot of public speaking skills from the competition .
These experiences were tremendously memorable for me and it was an honor to take part in these events .
Apart from that , as I believe that languages are the basic channel of communication between people , I have studied several foreign languages to equip myself .
Starting from F3 , I learnt Korean and I attained level 5 in TOPIK ( Test of Proficiency in Korean ) .
I have also been preparing for the level 6 test since then .
Other than Korean , I have also been learning Japanese and Spanish , starting from F5 .
Learning languages is indeed difficult and painstaking .
However , I enjoy my journey in learning them .
Not only can foreign languages become a huge advantage to me , they can also bring me satisfaction and gratification .
That 's why I love learning foreign languages .
It is my aspiration to devote my time to the study of English and education .
I would also like to further my studies of various foreign languages at university .
It has been my life goal to become an English teacher in order for me to make contributions to our society .
Therefore , I have always wanted to be offered the chance to take an English and education related program in my tertiary education so as to fulfill my dream and to accomplish my life goal .
I hope that I can be one of the candidates you find suitable for your university .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
I am writing in reply to the article about the usage of mobile phones at high school which was published in your newspaper on Monday 12th of September .
I would totally agree with the idea that children should not use mobile phones during class , but during breaks .
In the first place , it seems to me that it is really important , both for children and parents to communicate in order to organize their lives , taking into account the changing schedules .
However , it is also remarkable that there are proper times to talk on the phone , and proper times to learn .
Of course , we all have the right to communicate whenever we want but , mostly , whenever we need .
Using the phone during breaks lets the students focus on the lesson and then , have a bit of distraction when they are not there and , what is more , keep parents relaxed because they can communicate with their children and talk about what they need .
That is why I totally agree with Richardson 's modality dealing with this important issue which is present in students ' , schools ' and parents ' lives nowadays .
Secondly , I would like to mention that I agree with the experiment that is taking place in some districts permitting students to use their mobile phones for educational purposes , and what is more , with Richardson 's facing this issue .
Technology is one of the most important parts of our lives , so we should incorporate it into our habits .
Of course , when we are talking about children and education , it may seem a bit complicated since this subject has both advantages and disadvantages .
For instance , it is really motivating for students to use technology in the classrooms .
However , teachers run the risk of losing their responsibility there , and students can lose their educational way looking on the phones as a means of entertainment instead of as a way to make education enjoyable and effective , as you say in one of your paragraphs : " The Richardson decision is a sound alternative to students secretively using their phones under their desk " .
I consider that something should be done in order to balance the pros and cons of having mobile phones present in schools , because , firstly , students are the ones who must be present and , what is more , their learning process also must be there .
As I said , it is really important that parents can communicate with their children because they are taking care of them and they are their parents , so they have the right to communicate with them whenever they need .
Apart from that , I strongly believe that technology can be incorporated into the classroom , but teachers and schools are the ones who have to control this activity so that it can be positive both for students and teachers , in order to make the learning process more motivating and effective .
All in all , I think that schools should not stop taking into account this important subject .
Technology and , mostly , mobile phones , are part of children 's and parents ' lives , so schools should n't ban it , but look for alternatives in order that they do n't have a negative effect in education .
Richardson 's methodology is fantastic and I think that there are more , and it is important that we know them , in order to be informed about this important issue .
I look forward to reading more articles about this subject .
Yours faithfully ,
Magali Hervieux .
This report aims to present different advertising strategies for our products according to the type of customers we have .
In addition , I will recommend the best kind of advertising for our needs .
First , to have a successful campaign , it is important to know the target market .
A survey about the kind of customers for our product revealed that most of them are young adults .
This means that they are between 20 and 30 years old .
After studying our advertising options , it was found that two of them could be suitable for our purpose .
One way is to put advertising on the internet and use social networks .
On the other hand , we could set up stands in shopping malls .
In order to obtain maximum benefit from this , it will be helpful if we give away product samples .
As I mentioned above , the advertising campaign must be appropriate to the target market .
I therefore feel justified in recommending that the campaign in shopping malls would be more effective for us .
This is mainly because , besides it being cheaper , customers will become familiar with the product .
In conclusion , we have different options for this campaign .
If we choose the appropriate kind of advertising for our product , I can assure you that we will succeed .
Twenty years ago the economic situation was better than the current situation , so people did n't have to work until late and they managed to provide a strict education and to care about their children 's health .
Teenagers used to go out after having done their homework and their favourite hobby was certainly sport .
Now things have changed : parents work full time and do not take up a lot of their children who are more and more alone and unsupervised .
When the home is empty , teenagers feel free to spend all the time lying on the couch , playing video games or watching awful programmes on TV .
At the same time , they gorge themselves with every kind of food they find in the refrigerator .
A sedentary lifestyle and a poor diet lead , of course , to obesity .
This is a common issue . In fact , juvenile obesity is increasing with bad consequences such as premature diabetes or a permanent disease .
Cooking classes would be helpful to teach teens to cook , to enjoy healthier food and maybe to discover a passion .
For those people who want to combine fun and health , a good solution could be running , which is a free , competitive and complete sport .
In Milan , the association Runners from Mars welcomes thousands of runners who compete for charity .
It would be a good way to change the lifestyle !
I normally dream but do n't remember when I wake up .
One day I dreamt that I was a millionaire . I bought a huge detached house surrounded by tall trees in a beautiful city , maybe in a city like Seville .
The house would n't be located in the city centre because of the traffic and the parking spots , but it would n't be situated too far from downtown .
My dream house would have two floors , a big garage and , of course , a blue swimming pool bordered by a beautiful garden full of plants and trees , and with a white path from the outside door towards the porch .
Inside the house , there would be enormous French windows with long curtains and stylish and practical furniture .
Downstairs , there would be 5 bedrooms with big beds , 2 bathrooms , one of them with a Jacuzzi , a beautiful kitchen with an American fridge ( one of those that have 2 big doors ) and a table in the center , where I could eat with my family , and a pleasant living room with two or three large sofas .
Upstairs , there would be a games room where I could play with my nephews , nieces and my daughter , another bathroom , a little office to work and to study English , and finally , a huge room called " the cinema - room " , with several comfortable seats and a giant screen where my friends and I could watch our favourite films .
Dear Caroline ,
First of all , I would like to thank you for offering to look after my house and my pet bird while we go on holiday .
This means a lot to me . You are a wonderful friend .
We are leaving very late at night , but I managed to leave a copy of the key at the reception of the building . You should keep it with you .
I know the only time you have to go there is in the morning , before you go to work , so I would like to ask you to give priority to changing the water for my bird , and seeing if there are still enough seeds in her bowl which , by the way , are in a box next to the cage .
I also left yoghurt and frozen food for you to prepare in the oven or microwave . This way , you wo n't have to worry about going back home to have lunch before going to work .
We will be back by the end of the week , so take care and enjoy your mornings with my bright bird . She loves having company , so if you could get her to have lunch with you and talk a little with her , she will be happy for the rest of the day .
I ca n't wait to be with her again . I do n't like leaving her for a long time .
Samia
Dear Sir / Madam .
I am writing to apply for a job in the summer camp in the USA .
My name is Andrea and I am 30 years old .
I 've been working with children of all ages for eight years .
I think I would be a suitable person for the job as I love organising activities for the little ones and spending time with them as well as preparing different types of meals .
In fact , I am attending a course to learn to cook well .
Three years ago , I worked as a Spanish teacher in an Australian boarding school .
At the weekends , I carried out a workshop on leisure activities for children in need .
In that place , we worked as part of an incredible team that organised different activities each weekend .
The experience was great and since then I 've always wanted to have the experience of working again in an English speaking country .
I hope you consider me and I look forward to hearing from you soon .
Yours faithfully , Andrea .
With the passing of time , the entire world has become one concrete jungle .
The human race began from the jungle , where they lived with the worries and fears of wild beasts and under the illusionary protection of tall trees , and now the journey of the human race has come to the same scenario , where once again , he is living with the fears of wild beasts called ' other humans ' and under the ' illusionary protection ' of stalwart buildings that may collapse either due to an earthquake or to a terrorist attack .
This is the world of globalisation where the entire world is one market .
Every person is marketing himself ; is selling himself ; is presenting himself as a decorated gift - item .
This is why , although we have the luxury of extravagant knowledge at out fingertips because of the Internet , we encounter complications and complexities in the decoding of our relationships and in deciphering this perennial flow of knowledge .
I , for that reason , certainly agree with the statement of the given issue .
With knowledge and information , things become comprehensible but more complex .
The religion of Scientology is known as one of the fastest growing religions in the world .
It , today , has millions of followers who believe in its philosophy that reincarnation is the truth and a human feels tied - up because of the constant pull of the strings of his past lives .
Interestingly , Scientology practitioners use technology to prove their hypothetical statements , for they have constructed machines that exhibit the workings of brains through waves and software that questions a practitioner and provides him with a solution to his worries .
In contrast to this , the religions that have survived since the earlier times had discreet knowledge . However , they had a much deeper impact .
They were simple yet profound , relying on the comprehensible philosophies of forgiveness and karma .
Scientology proves how the acquisition of widespread knowledge hasn't stopped the birth of new religions . However , ironically , it has made the philosophies of life more dramatic with the mysterious complexities of technology .
Likewise , there are many conspiracy theorists in the world who , time and again , circulate rumours regarding the existence of a secret organisation ( the Illuminati , for instance ) that runs the world secretly and plots all the pre - timed wars and terrorist - attacks .
The theorists assert that the organisation is part religious and part political ; it rules over the international media , thereby being omnipotent .
Furthermore , they concoct stories and concepts , publicise them while making animated versions all over the internet .
The brilliance of their presentations is so acute that an ordinary man is almost forced to feel enlightened in his ignorance , finally becoming brainwashed .
The same technique is used by politicians , iconoclasts and leaders who pollute the minds of the people through the medium of technology .
They present complex information so smartly that an ignorant fool feels like a sagacious monk , whence he becomes the follower and a voter .
Thus , by all means , today we have an easy accessibility to knowledge and we have a wide range of resources to locate and obtain endless information .
Nevertheless , there is a stomach - wrenching mystery and indecipherable codes around that sometimes makes the common man wonder about his vulnerable existence and unknowingly being - exploited life .
I choose option A : I think it is a good idea for children to travel on public transport .
There are several reasons why I support this choice .
First , it is unnecessary to spend more money on school buses , because , by Grade 5 , children are able to take care of themselves and each other .
They can communicate well and are aware of dangerous situations .
For example , if they see drunk or dirty people on public buses , they could avoid sitting near them or report them to the bus driver .
Second , it is a good opportunity to educate them in life skills such as knowing not to sit in priority seats or leave litter on the bus .
In contrast , I think that the parents who insist their children should only travel on school buses protect them too much .
In daily life , many youngsters need to go to school and back by public transportation .
In other words , if parents spoil their offspring , then they may become too dependent and incapable of functioning well in society later on .
In conclusion , it is not only a good chance to take the children on an adventure , but also help them become independent young adults .
I think this way can help them with adapting to society early .
Dear Sir ,
I am writing in response to your advertisement on the noticeboard in our language school inviting applications for the post of Club organiser .
I am a forty - year - old secondary school teacher of Art and I believe I have qualifications that you may be looking for . I have been teaching students for approximately 15 years .
I used to run summer camps and art workshops .
Working with groups of people fills me with lots of energy and , as they need me , I need them too .
I have been studying English for several years and I am preparing to take the FCE exam soon .
I enjoy participating in debates .
I would describe myself as a good listener and a fluent speaker with a strong ability to control discussion .
Apart from an ability to get on well with people , I read a lot .
I am a big fan of American and British films , from classic to modern ones .
I go to the cinema regularly to stay in touch with new coming 's .
If you would like to take my application further , then I would be pleased to hear from you .
Yours faithfully ,
Miss Barbara Gum
To : Peter Jackson
From : Branislava Sidorov
Date : 25th May 2014 .
Subject : End - of - year party
The aim of this proposal is to compare the two proposed venues , River Boat Disco and Milford Comedy Club , and to recommend one based on the survey carried out among the students .
Entertainment and food
Not only does River Boat Disco have its own experienced DJ , but it also has a buffet which is more than suitable for this occasion .
Although Milford Comedy Club offers a fun night with four established comedians , the only food available is snacks .
However , the main disadvantage of the disco is that it ends very early , at 10:30 pm , whereas the comedy club is open until 2 am .
Price
The price for the disco is very reasonable because it offers the venue , entertainment and food for $ 25 .
Even though the price is $ 5 less for the comedy club , it is without food and , by the end of the night , I do not think there would be much difference .
Location
The boat is located at the Crofton Harbour and some means of transport would be necessary to get there .
It would be possible to organize a bus , which would be preferable to going separately by car .
However , the comedy club is easy to find and is accessible by metro and taxi .
Recommendation
I would recommend the River Boat Disco because not only does it offer a buffet , but also , people are more likely to converse with each other while listening to music than to a comedian .
" Manjiare Di Roma " - An Italian Restaurant
This Italian restaurant is in Monção and near the school .
It was opened about four years ago by two friends who had previously worked at pizza places .
As you enter the restaurant you are met with the traditional Italian restaurant red towels and a bit of a rustic feel , behind the counter you can see the cooks making the pizzas .
There is a great variety of dishes , from starters to main dishes and desserts . My recommendation is garlic bread as a starter .
As a main dish you can choose anything from pasta to pizza of all kinds ( even chocolate ) .
This restaurant is very affordable . The prices are extremely reasonable , especially if you 're a student , because there 's a special menu called " student 's menu " where you choose two ingredients for your pizza , with or without French fries , and a drink for about three euros .
Everyone on the staff is extremely nice and very often the owners come to make small talk with the customers .
All in all , I think this would be the best restaurant for our class to go to , since it 's close to the school , it has good prices and a friendly ambience .
Also , everyone enjoys Italian food , so everyone would be pleased .
Dreaming about the future is like creating an imaginary world , perfect for yourself and others .
If the present does n't satisfy you , let 's take a trip into the future .
I 'm sure you will enjoy the ride !
The year 2064 .
People are living their lives in a way that we would consider more than shocking .
Everyone is living their perfectly " normal " lives in the sky .
You 've read it right .
Their houses are floating in the air .
It is amazing .
Because of the lack of space , people came up with the brilliant idea of creating these floating houses . They are made of a special type of glass and have a spherical shape .
As a result of finding this solution , they have more space to work on earth and they even protect the environment .
Not to mention the huge advantage that people are protected from earthquakes because these houses do not have direct contact with the earth .
This idea is more than brilliant !
When it comes to their jobs , people work on earth , like in the old days .
The way they go to work is worth knowing .
They have cars , not like the cars people from 2014 were used to , but they still call them that .
These cars can go down to their destination and then , go up again until the driver pushes a button .
This button is called " find me and come to me " .
The name says it all .
Once the button is pushed , the car finds the driver and literally picks him up .
The streets look all new and improved .
Lots of the buildings are skyscrapers and the architecture has completely changed .
People are still human beings and act completely normal .
They seem happy with the way they live and embrace the change in everything .
Overall , this is an image of the future .
Now let 's return to the present , because we have a lot of work to do if we want to live in that kind of future , eventually .
I read your advertisement in the Cloud magazine and I consider it an interesting experience .
I 'm an Italian native speaker aged 27 and I 've been studying Sport Science at Milan University .
In 2012 , I got the Cambridge first certificate in English and I 've been improving my French to pass the exam .
It 's six months since I started teaching gymnastics in a primary school near Milan and I discovered that children are more competitive and honest than adults and I appreciate this .
I am also aware that they are reckless , so I recently attended a First Aid course , which has given me the confidence to deal with emergency situations .
I always try to motivate them with some educational play and I make them understand how important the group is .
The school will be closed in Summer , so I 'll be available from the 15th of June to the 30th of September .
For references , you can contact the principal of the school , who will be happy to supply you with any information .
I 'm looking forward to hearing from you and I thank you for your attention .
Taking a gap - year before starting university is a lifetime opportunity for lots of people .
It 's a time to develop yourself , to travel , to make friends .
You can also spend that time working and saving money for future years on the university campus .
It is the only time in your life to do that , to be honest .
After you finish studying , you will have to immediately start working unless you want to live with your parents for the rest of your life .
But the year right after you finish high school is a perfect time to find yourself , to decide what you want to do with your life .
You can go on a road trip around your country or travel somewhere very distant and learn things you 've never heard about on your own skin .
It could also be potentially your last chance to spend so much time with your high school friends .
You will definitely part ways during college and this way you can make memories that will last for a lifetime .
I think everyone should take a year off after leaving school .
You only live once and wasting such a great possibility is unthinkable .
Over the last decades , the spread of technology in our daily life has marked the beginning of a new era .
Computers , mobile phones , the Internet have undoubtedly changed our way of thinking and behaving .
But can we safely regard this technological advance as a proper achievement of modern times ?
Certainly , computers and similar devices give us the priceless opportunity to make our lives simpler .
From booking a flight to videocalling a distant friend , everything seems very handy nowadays .
However , the main drawback of such progress is that we now rely more on computers than on our own capacities .
We are slowly but inexorably loosing readiness to solve problems , unless we can surf the Internet , so that even a single day without technology would turn out to be a nightmare .
How many times in the last ten years have we given up GPS and used an ordinary paper map for a trip ?
Just a few , right ?
The reality is that the fast - paced world we are currently living in is stealing our own time .
Nobody gets lost anymore , nobody discovers something on his own .
We all walk down the same path because this is how it is meant to be .
We consult Tripadvisor , we die for positive ratings and we increasingly forget to care about simple things .
In my view , we should all reconsider the role that computers have gained in our lives .
Technology is not reality and should never replace it .
I had never felt so nervous before in my life ... !
It was the last year I was attending high school and final exams were approaching faster than I had thought .
Suddenly a plethora of concerns filled my head : what to do after school ?
What are my plans for the future ?
I did n't know anything at all .
The only thing I knew was the date of the exams was becoming more threatening as time went by .
And finally , as with everything , the day arrived .
The most stressful day of my life for sure .
I remember I began to bite my knuckles because of the tension , and also because of a girl near me who could n't stop crying nervously ( it 's a pet peeve of mine , I have to admit it ) .
Then , when it was finally my turn , I sat in front of the teachers and , slowly , I introduced my speech .
Fifteen minutes later it was all over and I felt like a brand new person .
After this event I can cope with anything !
As was said before , the brief time of observation does not allow us to obtain that much information about how CLIL is really implemented in a particular educational context . Even so , the data collected and the following conversation with the teacher , contributed to obtaining an interesting picture of how Arts and Crafts is considered and carried out under the CLIL umbrella .
CLIL implementation is always a challenge for the teacher , but it seems to be even more difficult when talking about subjects like Arts and Crafts , which are more based on the acquisition of skills and the development of another language , the artistic .
How to provide students with more real and relevant input , in the daily routine of an art class , seems to be a challenge for Arts and Crafts teachers , who need to bring together the development of the artistic language and the learning of a foreign language .
Despite the difficulties that CLIL teachers have to overcome , the truth is that the atmosphere of CLIL lessons is in some way special .
What surprised me more positively was the level of peer support , the cooperation and the comradeship .
It is interesting to see how the students resort to each other when looking for help in a natural way , without the intervention of the teacher .
Peer support is something that teachers expect and promote in all subjects , but it seems to emerge more genuinely when talking about the CLIL atmosphere .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
I am writing to express my interest in the bar staff opening you have posted on our school 's noticeboard .
First of all , I strongly believe that I would be the most suitable applicant because of my long experience in bar service .
For the last six years , I have worked in a number of different bars within the busy city district region .
I know what is involved in late night customer service and how to deal with a loud environment .
All of the bars I worked in hosted a night club after 10 PM , therefore you do not need to worry about extra tiredness caused by late - hour working .
In addition , my knowledge acquired by managing a bar and a certificate in hygienic food handling will guarantee a clean environment in your bar .
Finally , I would like to emphasise my professionalism towards alcohol service .
I am a bartender who has been awarded three times in international bar - show contests .
Certainly , I can offer professional bar shows and tricks to make your bar more attractive to the customers .
If you need a trial session , I am more than happy to attend and prove my assets to your bar .
The time allocations you have suggested in the job advertisement also suit my schedule perfectly .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Yours faithfully ,
Daniel Wan
Many people have the impression that learning a language is only possible through hard work : studying grammar rules , learning vocabulary by heart and burying your head in a book .
However , there are in fact several methods that you can employ should you want to become a linguist .
In this essay I will discuss two of these : the immersion method , and the classroom method .
Firstly , the immersion method takes its inspiration from the way in which we all learnt to speak our nature tongue : implicitly .
With this method , learners are simply exposed to the target language , either by going abroad to live in the country where it is spoken , or by having a native teacher .
There is no explicit focus on grammar ; instead , the learners are expected to " absorb " the language and its rules .
This method has its advantages , as it is the way we all learnt to speak , and so it is arguably more natural .
Another advantage is that students are unencumbered by overcomplicated , confusing metalanguage .
Secondly , the classroom method is the one with which most students ( especially if they are older ) are familiar .
Learners are normally taught in their mother tongue , and are given grammar rules , which they then apply to the language they are learning .
This method also has its benefits , not least logistically speaking , since many students do n't have access to native speakers or are not able to travel abroad .
Furthermore , some learners respond better to an explicit focus on rules , which makes them aware of the mistakes they are making .
While both methods clearly have their advantages , I believe that just limiting students to either one or the other can have a negative effect on language learning .
Having a native speaker will give students maximum exposure to the language , while at the same time a focus on rules will give them the tools for self - correction and self - study .
I fully believe that this combined method is the most effective way for students to learn English .
Now we are going to evaluate the main characteristics and differences between a pellet stove and a pellet boiler .
Let 's start by focussing our attention on the pellet stove .
The diagram shows a compact structure and the simplicity of the machine ; it has three main sections : the feed section , the combustion chamber and the blower ( i.e .
fan ) .
In the first conical part , it is possible to feed in the fuel ( i.e. the pellet ) that leads to the combustion chamber where the pellet will burn to generate the heat necessary to warm up the air .
Beneath the combustion chamber there is the ash tray necessary to collect the ash generated by the combustion of the pellet .
As mentioned above , the heat is necessary to warm up the air that , thanks to the fan , will be blown out to the room in order to warm up the external ambient ( e.g. room , bathroom , kitchen ... ) .
This is a pretty compact machine , but it 's not very efficient or very clean .
Actually , it produces a large amount of pollution such as ash and exhaust gas that contains micro- and nano - particle .
Let 's focus now on the pellet boiler .
The structure is pretty much the same as the pellet stove . The difference is that , instead of a fan , here we have a pump due to the fact that the goal of the boiler is to warm up water and send it to the heaters all over the house , so it needs a pump to do that instead of just a fan ( the purpose of a fan and a pump is the same : move fluid from a point A to a point B , but in one case , you have to move air and in the second case , water ( they have a different density : water has 1000 times the density of air ) .
Like in the stove , there is a feed section where you can feed the pellet that will go directly to the combustion chamber ( according to the control system ) in order to burn it and generate the heat to warm up the water .
Now , thanks to the pump , the hot water is able to reach the upstairs rooms .
Basically , the two rely on the same methods : burning pellets to warm up a fluid ( air for the stove and water for the boiler ) .
My home town , an international city , attracts millions of tourists from all over the world every year .
Knowing a clean and tidy city is no less appealing to the tourists than beautiful scenery and bargain shopping , both the authority and the citizens understand the need to keep our city clean in order to keep the tourists coming . Therefore , they are serious about protecting the environment .
To keep the city clean and tidy , people adopt an environmentally - friendly attitude in daily life : they refuse to litter . If they can not find a rubbish bin around , they keep their rubbish in a small plastic bag . At home , they separate the recyclable items from the rubbish before they get rid of the rubbish .
They follow the government 's advice to set the air conditioner temperature at 25 degrees Celsius .
The government plays a crucial role in taking care of the environment .
It builds sewage sites for the disposal of the city 's waste .
It educates the citizens to cultivate their sense of protecting the city 's environment .
We are lucky to live in a city where both the authorities and the people have a strong sense of environmental protection .
We are sure that the tourists who visit our city can feel it and hope that they will help spread the message when they go home .
Among a variety of sports , there is football , also known as soccer .
Football can be played either as a hobby or as a job .
When I was very young , roughly at the age of thirteen , football became my favorite sport and it was an activity that I could never stop doing .
As time passed , I became more skilled at football .
I signed up for a women 's football team in my city .
Our team trained twice a week for about two or three hours .
We had our own trainer , who was a man who had played football before .
There are three main reasons why I enjoy playing football .
Firstly , it is a way to get out of the routine , occasionally .
It helps to release the endorphins and anxiety levels in my body .
Secondly , it has helped me to improve my health in several ways .
For example , it improves my cardiovascular system .
And thirdly , it is an activity where I have been able to make new friends who , besides playing football like me , are very similar to me in other ways .
If any one you would like to start practicing this dynamic and amazing sport , I would tell you to try it as soon as possible .
As you get involved with football and you engage with this sport , you will clearly notice the benefits it brings to your daily life .
So , give it a shot and you will realize it is one of the most amazing activities you can ever do .
' The letter that changed my life '
' I think we 're being followed ' said Sara to me , as we pulled over .
We 'd had a lovely meal in one of the most charming restaurants in Rome .
Despite the fact that we 'd had to share a table with others tourists , we 'd had a great time .
Sara had left our hire - car keys on the table and had paid no attention to them for a while .
When we were about to leave , we realized that there was a short letter on the table . ' I have your car keys .
Wait for me , please ' , it said .
We did n't understand a thing because the car keys were just in front of us .
So we rushed out the restaurant on suspicion of theft .
We 'd been driving for half an hour when I noticed that there was a white car behind us .
Sara tried to get rid of it but the white car was still there .
We pulled over .
The other car driver came up to us slowly .
We were really afraid . '
You have the wrong keys and the wrong car ' , said the man .
As soon as the man explained everything to us we realised that we had mixed up car keys in the restaurant because both of them were exactly alike .
We exchanged addresses and as time went on we became good friends .
I ended up working for Mr Smith 's company in Madrid , where I 've been working for 20 years .
People seem to be living quiet , comfortable lives nowadays .
We have reached an age of high technology .
Humans will most likely continue to improve this technology and make their lives better for the future .
We might live better lives in the future .
When thinking about what the lives of people will be like in the next 50 years , the first thought that comes to my mind is a person sitting lazily on a sofa that can adjust itself to his / her will .
The reason for the laziness is that the housework will be done by robots .
This is how I think life will be in the next 50 years .
Robots will continue to be improved , till they will be able to do all work in the home , so no one rich enough to afford a robot would bother to do the work himself / herself .
The robot will be able to do things like cooking , fetching , washing clothes and dishes and cleaning the house .
The men would only do the paperwork themselves .
However , not everything about life in the next 50 years will be positive .
Water is already growing scarce over time .
Eventually , it might become so much of a precious resource that it will be used as the international currency instead of dollars .
We will have to find an alternative drinking source ...
Shopping is my favourite pastime , and I simply can not imagine anything more relaxing and enjoyable than spending my hard - earned money .
But , with a heavy heart , I have to agree with this statement .
Why ?
There might be a few situations , when shopping can bring a headache instead of joy .
First of all , it is quite hard to enjoy shopping when you are forced to do it .
The best example here could be the regular , weekly filling - the - fridge shopping , which , in principle , can not be pleasant .
Personally , I am not able to find anything exciting in hanging around extremely high supermarket shelves and pushing a heavy trolley . Crowds in every corner , awful and unpleasant lights and the necessity to run from one end of the shop to another , because these shops are organised in a way which forces you to see everything , in order to find what you really need .
That and the extremely long queues for the cash desk also are not very encouraging .
What is more , I hate doing shopping when I really need to buy something .
Because there is this wicked , unwritten rule , according to which , if you are looking for something , there is not the slightest chance you will get it .
You will not be able to find the right size , the right colour or simply anything which would suit your taste .
Shopping with your husband , boyfriend , father or any representative of the male gender , also can totally ruin the most fruitful shopping ever .
I believe they are genetically programmed to take away all your ' joie de vivre ' .
The constant grumbling , regular checking of the time , this anxious and adrift facial expression - how on earth could it create favourable conditions for shopping ? !
And believe me , there is no difference if you are shopping for yourself or for them , it always turns out this way .
In conclusion , shopping can be and usually is a great opportunity , not only to expand the contents of your wardrobe , but also , to relax and have a great time .
You just have to avoid supermarkets and buy clothes in advance - so there will not arise the situation , where you need something really badly and it is not in your closet - and , of course , avoid male company . Better choose a female companion .
Dear Sir / Madam ,
I saw your advertisement and would like to apply to work in the USA in one of your summer camps .
I have a good working knowledge of the English language and I sat my FCE exam last year .
Since then , I have attended a course for the preparation for the CAE exam , and spent two weeks in Ireland during the summer working as a babysitter , so I have had experience working with children .
I love facing new challenges and am available to work long hours if required .
I also consider myself to have great organisational skills .
This can be noted in the fact that I was head of entertainment at my High School for two years .
During those two years , I was responsible for the organisation and booking of bands .
I would also describe myself as a fun , energetic person .
I love learning new skills and although I 've never worked in a kitchen before , I 'd love to try my hand at cooking .
The bell rang and all the students left the class .
I quickly took my things and went out of the classroom hoping to get home as soon as possible .
But before I could leave school I remembered that I had left my trainers in the changing room , just after football session .
Ten minutes later , I had already taken my trainers and closed the gym door when I saw her walking towards me .
I started walking towards my house when she yelled :
-"Michie ! Wait for me ! "
Oh no , not again ... That stupid girl was completely in love with me , since last year she thinks that I like her , but she 's wrong .
And although she knows I hate the way she calls me , she does n't stop doing it .
She 's an impossible woman .
-"What do you want Stacey ?"-
I asked her .
-"Don't be angry Michie , I know you love me .
I only wanted to tell you that Joe is going to have a party at his house tomorrow at 8 p.m. and I 'll be there " , she said .
-"Thank you for the information . Bye " , I said , knowing what I was n't going to do tomorrow .
Half an hour after I arrived home ,
I heard a voice behind me saying :
-"So , you 'll be at the party tomorrow , right ? "
I thought it was Stacey again , trying to get into my house again and trying to seduce me .
And I yelled :
-"I'M FED UP WITH YOU ! STOP .
I DON'T WANT TO SEE YOU AGAIN ... "
-"Ok , got it . Hope you get on well with your problem " .
And Cass , the girl I 'm in love with , slammed the door .
I was feeling confused and bad .
I went into my house and closed the door knowing at that moment that I had made a mistake .
To whom it may concern .
My name is Richard Raya , I am 35 years old and I live in the Basque Country in northern Spain .
I would like to apply
for the position you recently advertised regarding Summer Camps in the USA . I also have
plenty of experience with teaching younger children .
This experience involved tutoring children from the ages of 5 to 16 in various aspects of English and Maths
in a one - on - one role .
Without knowing it , I have been preparing myself for a position like this one , for example , by working
as a Surf Instructor during the summer holidays in my home town of Zarautz .
I think I am very suitable for this position as I really enjoy working with children and have a wide variety of
skills in sports and also a fun - loving attitude towards organising activities .
Cooking is one of my favourite
pastimes . When I cook , it 's usually for a big group of friends , so preparing meals is actually something I
really enjoy .
I have many references from employers and the parents of the children I teach .
If I am selected for an interview
I am available at any time as the summer holidays are upon us .
I look forward to your reply .
Kind regards ,
Richard Raya
The best sport ever .
Do you do any sports ?
If so , you will know all the benefits but also the effort that it takes .
I love dancing and I do ballet , which requires a lot of discipline .
I started dancing when I was six years old , my mates and I were so cute with our little dresses and tiny feet doing slow movements .
For me it was n't fun at all , so I always tried to skip my classes , and I finally did n't go back the following year .
But seven years later , as a teenager , I found ballet really feminine and I decided to start again .
I think that this is not a normal sport , but it has the same advantages : it burns calories , improves circulation , is good for the bones and muscles ... Therefore , it is a really beautiful way to exercise and helps you to improve flexibility .
My advice for people who would like to start doing ballet is : do n't be afraid , it does n't matter if you are seven or seventy , if you want to do it you can .
So let 's do it !
Dear Director ,
I would really like to participate as a co - worker in this summer camp .
My mother told me that I can gain great experiences .
Whereas , in my opinion , it is way more than that .
By looking after children between the ages of 8 and 12 , I can learn new skills that will be useful in my future with my future kids .
I am very energetic , cheerful and hardworking , which are the traits you are looking for !
I have always loved seeing my mom cooking and the fact that you have this in the camp just makes me happier .
On the one hand , I have never worked in kitchens before .
On the other hand , I think serving within this area is the best opportunity for trying new abilities .
I am also a great organizer ; therefore , I can be such a great help with the evening and sports activities .
I hope you understand my point of view .
I am really looking forward to being part of your camp !
Let me know your opinion whenever you are ready ,
Elisa .
Over the course of history , life has constantly changed .
From the early nomad tribes , to the first human settlements , then to villages and cities to the formation of civilization , man has never stood still for too long .
Key discoveries have changed the course of history .
First , fire , then agriculture , irrigation , and nowadays with technology .
The more knowledge we accumulate , the faster progress will come .
Mankind went from a rural based society to a modern skyscraper - filled civilization in just a century .
And we will continue this process for as long we exist .
The discovery of electricity increased our productivity greatly .
Instead of just working during the day , man could now continue working during the night .
Factories could have long working hours in order to produce more .
People in turn started to consume more due to the increased workforce and the greater offer of products .
The quick and practical life in the city started to drive thousands of people away from the fields .
With the advance of electronic products , information has become even easier to spread .
First with the radio , news about events happening far from your local community could be easily heard by anyone within earshot .
Then with TVs , information started to spread faster and faster until our contemporary instantaneous reports from across the world in the palm of our hands .
Sometimes , it seems we have reached the pinnacle of existence .
I 'm sure the pharaohs of Egypt felt that way when they gazed at the Pyramids .
And yet , we 've come this far .
Now , we can look at those Pyramids from the other side of the world , receiving a live video feed on a device we hold in our hands .
In the next 50 years , who knows what we will be able to accomplish ?
Education and technology are closely related , to a certain extent , in that education has suffered a series of changes throughout the past 20 years .
In present times , it is very common to see people doing courses via a computer .
Online learning has become a modern phenomenon in order to gain knowledge ; however , face - to - face learning is still the better learning option chosen by students .
Although there are many differences between these two , similarities can be found as well .
The main similarity between face - to - face learning and online learning is that they both provide valuable learning skills to students .
Currently , all types of courses exist via the Internet , at any academic or vocational level .
For instance , degree courses , master 's courses or just an updating course can be found .
Added to this , both learning options require time and dedication from students ; otherwise , knowledge will not be properly delivered .
On the other hand , the differences between face - to - face learning and virtual learning are numerous .
Firstly , online learning conveys flexibility in its schedule .
Students can attend courses when they decide , but always respecting due dates .
Another difference between face - to - face learning and online learning may be that face - to - face learning allows students to develop human relationships , whereas with online learning it is quite impossible for this to happen .
During face - to - face learning , students have a teacher - student relationship , as well as a peer - to - peer relationship , allowing them to develop interpersonal skills and coexistence .
Last but not least , time spent on these courses is different too .
When doing a fece - to - face course , besides having an attendance schedule , people spend more time commuting to the place where the course is given .
These days , traffic jams are a fact in big cities ; therefore a lot of time is lost to commuting .
Consequently , both learning options have their positive and negative aspects .
Assessing these similarities and differences , each student has the option to choose the option which better suits his lifestyle .
Peschiera Borromeo , a small town near Milan , has an agricultural reality and there are many possibilities for walking around and training yourself for doing parcour .
Unfortunately , there is a lot of traffic , so the best place to avoid it is a little artificial lake called Idroscalo where people can run around the 7 kilometre perimeter or cycling in the open air while looking at the swans .
In this area , you can find many facilities , such as two swimming pools , a tennis court and a volleyball court .
People can also try canoeing at the local school or water skiing with a mechanical device that drags you across the water .
It 's really fun !
For those who feel brave , there is also a wall where you can climb with all the equipment .
The best season to enjoy this place is certainly the spring , when the weather is not too hot and there are not so many people who picnic under the trees and disturb you while you 're trying to relax !
If you have got a dog , too , and want to teach him something useful , take him here every Sunday morning and a trainer will teach him how to save people from drowning and your friend will become a lifeguard !
Here you can really forget about the city pollution !
The speaker discusses the article , saying that taxes stand against free trade and in favor of protectionism .
In his opinion , the concept of protectionism in the world of global economy is not effective .
There is a good example involving developing countries , whose economies have been successful due to being the most open to free trade , and countries with low economic growth , which closed themselves off to international trade .
Although in the lecture it is admitted that international competition can cause problems for local businesses , mentioned in the article , he claims that it is worth competing with global corporations , because this way surviving local companies may get stronger than ever .
They can hire local people , give them well - paid jobs , and those people may learn how global corporations work , which is a good thing for local economies .
And finally , the article states that free trade does not always lead to a peaceful relationship between nations , but the lecturer draws attention to the European common market set up after World War II .
He emphasizes that free trade between powerful European nations makes a war between them almost impossible .
To test the research 's hypothesis , self - administered questionnaires were used on a total of 400 customers .
The target population included telecommunication service users who subscribed to a loyalty program .
The choice of the telecommunications industry in this framework is related to the vital role of loyalty and retention in this service setting .
Many experts have emphasized the market maturity and the number and variety of competitive choices among service providers .
Following this , all types of service providers focus on customer retention as a source of growth ( Amdocs Market Insight & Strategy , 2011 ) .
A total of 309 complete and exploitable questionnaires were collected , with a response rate of 77% .
This sample size allows us to perform multiple data analyses ( multivariate and SEM ) .
An appropriate sample size should be ten times the number of items used in the questionnaire ( Sorbom et Joreskog , 1982 ) .
In this research , the sample size seems to be appropriate for SEM ( 309 > 27 items multiplied by 10 ) .
A game is an activity involving one or more players .
Games are played primarily for entertainment or enjoyment , but may also serve as exercise .
Everyone in this world has their own favorite sports , and so do I. My favorite sport is football .
I often play this with my friends in the evening .
I like this game because it is exciting and challenging .
Football is a team sport played between two teams of eleven players each .
It is a ball game played on a rectangular grass field with a goal at each end .
The objective of the game is to score by maneuvering the ball into the opposing goal .
The winner is the team which has scored most goals at the end of the match .
Football is played at a professional level all over the world , and millions of people regularly go to football stadiums to follow their favorite team , whilst millions more avidly watch the game on television .
A very large number of people also play football at an amateur level .
In many parts of the world , football evokes great passions and plays an important role in the life of individual fans , local communities , and even nations ; it is therefore often claimed to be the most popular sport in the world .
football player .
I learnt team - building , discipline , as well as teamwork through playing football .
There are many worldwide international football competitions .
One of the major international competitions in football is the World Cup , organized by Fédération Internationale de Football Association .
Over 190 national teams compete in qualifying tournaments within the scope of continental confederations for a place in the finals .
The finals tournament , which is held every four years , now involves 32 national teams competing .
The next World Cup takes place in Russia in 2018 .
The star I admire most in football is Edson Arantes do Nascimento , nicknamed Pelé , who is a former Brazilian football player and thought by many to be the finest player of all time .
Often considered the complete attacking player , he was completely two - footed , a prolific finisher , exceptional at dribbling and passing , and was a remarkably good tackler for a forward .
He was also famed for his speed and strength on the ball .
Since his full retirement , he has served as an ambassador for the sport .
There are many reasons why football is my favorite game .
I wish to become a professional football player .
Holidays are mostly about relaxing . Therefore , I disagree with always trying new things .
In my opinion , holidays are essentially about being comfortable , staying in your element and simply enjoying your time off and not about creating uncomfortable situations if that might be the outcome of trying new things .
Holidays , to me , are our chance to eliminate stress and panic from our system and improve our level of comfort .
As stress and challenging work triggers exhaustion in many such as myself , I prefer curling up with a good book and enjoying a nice cup of coffee on holidays rather than generating any level of discomfort .
Change is never easy and being able to try new things is , indeed , a valuable trait for one to have . However , I do not have such traits .
On the contrary , I disagree with having to try new and challenging things on holidays due to the fact that I take much more pleasure in reading novels , which make me feel all the rush of an outside activity but all the while keeping myself safe and comfortable .
A review about medieval Turkey .
I 'm certainly not the only one watching this amazing series . I ca n't call it a soap opera because it 's so much more than that .
It 's a love story between Turkey 's most famous and cruel ruler of all times and his main wife .
I wrote main because back then Turkish men were allowed to have harems .
It 's the story of Suleyman the Emperor and his wife , Hurrem .
Like the title says , the story takes place in medieval Turkey .
The actors are literally amazing .
Their acting is spot on and the costumes are magnificent .
The role of Suleyman is played by Turkey 's most famous actor , Halit Ergenc , and he 's amazing at it .
What I liked most about him is that he agreed to grow a huge beard in order to get into role .
The actress who plays Suleyman 's wife , Hurrem , is none other than Meryem Uzerli .
She 's such a beautiful woman and plays the role beautifully .
The other actors are also really talented and bring to life many of the historical figures that Turkey had in that time .
I strongly recommend this amazing series to people who want to take a glimpse into the history of a fascinating country and experience different feelings together with the main characters .
Foreign language learning in my country
Introduction
The purpose of this report is to comment on the way people , and especially children , learn languages in my country , what foreign languages they learn and where they learn them and to recommend changes in the language - learning system .
Languages people learn
There are many languages people in my country learn , but English is the most popular as it is a global language .
With Germany and Austria being our neighbours and thus business partners to many Czech companies , German is the second most popular foreign language spoken , followed by Russian , French , Italian and Spanish .
Who learns languages in my country ?
Mostly , it is children at schools who learn languages .
They start learning English or German at the age of eight .
Another language of their choice follows at secondary school .
However , there might be a problem with the choice as not every secondary school offers e.g. Spanish or Italian , so students have to choose a language they do not prefer .
Students at some schools also have the possibility of exchange programmes , but these can be quite expensive and not every family can afford such an event .
There are also many adults who want to learn or just improve their language skills .
Adults usually attend language courses , or use a variety of online courses .
Recommended changes
I would recommend the government to increase salaries for Spanish , Italian or French teachers to persuade them to teach in schools instead of giving private lessons .
It would also be wise to fund schools that organise exchange programs for their students , so that more of them could afford it .
Dear Mr Williams ,
I saw your advertisement for language courses in London and I am writing to find out more about the courses you offer .
I am thinking of attending a course for two or three weeks in August .
Could you please send me more information and details of prices ?
I would particularly like to know how many students attend the school , and how many students there are in a class .
I 'd also like to know what resources the school has .
For example , is there a library where I can study in the evenings ?
Could you tell me something about the staff ?
Are they all qualified teachers ?
I would be interested in having more details of the social and sports
programme .
Are the activities included in the price of the course ?
Could you tell me about the cost of accommodation too ?
Also , can you tell me what amenities there are near the school ?
For
example , is there a park or cinema nearby ?
I look forward to receiving your reply .
Regards ,
It would be great if all of us had a healthy life .
However , young people generally do n't pay enough attention to their health and fitness .
There are many young people who follow Hollywood stars or famous singers and want to have the same bodies as them .
As a consequence , they become slim and they do n't ingest enough proteins and vitamins to have a healthy life .
On the other hand , teenagers are becoming more dependent on cellphones , video games and television , which make them be more sedentary .
Being always on the bed or on the sofa is not recommended , whereas going outside and running or riding a bicycle would be a better option .
That way , they would be doing physical exercise .
Finally , to be healthy , it is also important to eat a balanced diet .
Snacks , fast food , fried food and sweets are part of young people 's lives as they can find them everywhere : in the shops on the street , at parties and in shopping malls .
In conclusion , young people should behave differently towards their health and fitness .
Being sedentary and eating fast food will not get them anywhere .
The statement is rather too categorical , because to say that there is no future is going too far .
It is true though , that public transport would not be the general public 's first choice .
Sometimes the reasons for doing so are not to do with convenience but , rather more to do with economic issues or matters of conscience .
If we think selfishly , then the car is the obvious choice .
It is easy , fast and we can almost park it right outside our destination or at walking distance - shorter rather than longer .
It is initially expensive , but it is so handy that we end up thinking it is part of us and even think we can not live without it .
Raising people 's awareness of pollution and how we must have a more sustainable existence is what makes us look for other less selfish and handy options .
Public transport is always going to be slower , less flexible and much less convenient , but we have the reassurance that we are doing what is best for our planet .
We are complying with the norm .
In conclusion , public transport will always have a future if local governments have policies to promote it .
It is never the attractive option , but it is the one which shows more solidarity .
Government jobs carry with them serious responsibilities .
It is therefore no surprise that a person 's age and experience come under scrutiny when positions in government need to be filled .
Many feel influential government jobs should be reserved for those who are older and have more experience , while others feel the criterion for these positions should be capability , namely whomever is most able to carry out the job .
This essay will look at both sides before drawing a logical conclusion .
On the one hand , many argue that younger people should be made ineligible for important government positions , and the implications of this opinion are clear .
Those operating at senior levels within a country 's military , for example , require field experience to prevent disastrous decisions that could cause the needless loss of life .
Were younger people allowed to fast track their ascension within a country 's military , they could find themselves having to make critical choices based more on theoretical study than practical experience , and this could have catastrophic results .
Thus , is it understandable why many feel younger government workers should be incubated before being given promotion to important positions .
However , there are several plausible counters to this argument .
For one , younger workers bring creativity and fresh ideas to government .
For example , young government workers in Canada successfully pushed to increase HIV understanding and dispel stigmas attached to the disease in the 1980s , a development that encouraged tolerance and reduced irrational fear .
In addition to fresh ideas , it should be remembered that to get a government job , one has to successfully a rigorous screening process .
If a younger person engages this process as well or better than an older person , it is hard to argue that age should be a decisive factor when offering employment .
It is clear from these reasons that there is merit to awarding important government career options to younger people .
Although the above overview reveals solid evidence for both sides of the argument , it is felt that the healthiest approach to designating government positions is to ensure candidates undergo rigorous training programs .
Thus , a person 's age should not be considered a universal precursor to the awarding of government jobs .
Promotional Objective :
One of the promotional objectives is to increase the awareness of Trivago in Hong Kong .
In order to achieve its objectives , Trivago invested more money in promotion in 2014 .
For example , they promoted their search engine through a television commercial and a Youtube advertisement .
Youtube advertising means the viewers have to be forced to watch the advertisement before they watch some video on Youtube .
Since most people watch television not for just a few minutes or do not just watch one or two video(s ) on Youtube , they will be forced to watch its advertisements more than once .
Trivago has a very simple and memorable tagline , which is ' Hotels ?
Trivago ' .
The audience will easily think of Trivago when they are thinking about hotels .
Also , Trivago wants to increase its market share by entering the Hong Kong Market .
Many Hong Kongers love to travel and go to different countries to experience the culture and enjoy the different lifestyle .
Many of them try to plan the cheapest way to do their trip including booking the best value hotel .
If they are aware of the benefits of using Trivago , they will love to use it , as they could spend less time comparing all the hotels .
Therefore , Trivago uses advising to increase its market share in Hong Kong .
In addition , Trivago is trying to enhance the company image in Hong Kong .
Trivago is not very well known in Hong Kong .
Some people probably do n't even know what it is .
If Trivago wants to earn profit from the Hong Kong market , it has to develop and enhance its brand image .
Doing promotion is one of the ways to improve its image .
Trivago is trying to demonstrate that it is the most convenient hotel search engine on the market .
Last but not the least , Trivago wants to boost its download rate in the mobile application platforms .
Almost all the advertisements are encouraging users to download its mobile application .
If more people download its mobile application , it means more people know its brand and use its service .
Current advertising strategy
We found one of the television advertisements which is currently being broadcast in Hong Kong .
The advertisement is about 16 seconds long .
There is a narrator who introduces the function of Trivago and demonstrates " how to use its mobile application to search for the best value hotel . "
At the end of the video , the screen shows a tagline and the website of Trivago .
We will analyze its strategies from different perspectives below .
Television Commercials
In general , television is the most popular medium in Hong Kong .
Advertising on television is an effective way to communicate a service to the general public .
Since television is able to reach a large number of people during a short period of time , more potential customers will be exposed to its service .
If the advertisement is designed well , people will remember it .
Moreover , television has the advantage of being able to utilize sight , sound and motion .
Combining a catchy theme tune and a well - designed visual advertisement can increase the chances of viewers remembering the brand .
This also allows for more creative options .
As designers are not limited to using only sound or still images , they can create advertisements that are appealing visually and audibly .
Background Music
Music helps stimulate the senses and focuses attention on the advertisement .
The background music in the advertisement is relaxed and excite .
It can make people feel youthful and it matches the taste of young adults , who are Trivago 's target customers .
Besides , music also has other benefits .
It helps the audience to better recall the advertisement and store it in long - term memory .
It can also increase the retention of visual information .
Demonstration
The television advertisement shows the service being used .
It demonstrates all the steps from searching for a hotel , choosing selection criteria and comparing the price of different hotels .
Through the demonstration , Trivago can show to the audience how easy it is to use its mobile application to find the best value hotel .
It can enhance its creditability as the audience can clearly know what its service is .
On the other hand , as a mobile application , some people probably feel confused about how it works .
Therefore , with the visual effects , a demonstration is the most effective way to teach the audience to use the mobile application .
Informative
The television commercial presents information to the audience in a straightforward way .
The narrator directly indicates the functions of the mobile application .
For example , he says the application can instantly compare the rates of over 150 websites .
For those who are very interested in hotel searching services , they may notice such an informative advertisement .
Cognitive Strategy
In the television commercial , Trivago uses cognitive message strategy .
It clearly presented that its search engine can help customers to compare the prices of over 150 websites of hotels in the world and find the best value hotel .
This is a testable claim and Trivago can use it as its unique selling proposition .
This strategy shows its profession and reliability for its target customers .
At the same time , it increases the confidence of customers about choosing its services .
As Hong Kong is a new market for Trivago , it needs to increase its popularity there .
Before 2014 , Trivago was not famous in Asia .
It needs to utilise some strategies to increase its brand awareness and the information about its services for its customers in order to achieve the promotional objectives .
Conative Strategy
On the other hand , Trivago also applies conative strategy in the advertisement .
In the television commercial , the narrator tells the audiences to download the Trivago mobile application to their mobile phone .
It encourages customers to purchase its services and truly make use of it .
The purpose is to increase sales and increase its market share in Hong Kong .
Means - End Chain
Moreover , the " Means - End Chain " is adapted in the television advertisement .
The leverage point of Trivago is providing hotel room search services .
By using Trivago 's services , customers can search for the most economical price of hotel room to gain benefit .
Trivago can achieve personal value for customers through the advertisement .
Some people desire to have a comfortable and pleasant journey with lower prices and the freedom of choose their favorite accommodation .
The advertisement can show that they are wise by using Trivogo 's service to plan an economical trip .
Mean - End Chain is being used , as Trivago is not only to help customers search for a hotel room , but also to achieve personal value for customers , which is more valuable than the money the customer saved on booking a hotel room .
Trivago uses this method to enhance its brand image and competitive advantage , since the value of its services is increased .
Tagline
Nevertheless , Trivago designs a tagline in the television commercial .
The tagline ' ' Hotels ?
Trivago '' , can introduce the key idea of the television commercial .
Audiences can easily remember the brand name and get a clear awareness and knowledge of Trivago services .
Besides , it can also improve the consistency of advertising platforms .
As the tagline is catchy , if the tagline is continuously applied on the other advertisements , it will not be easy to stray from the main idea .
Other communication tools
Trivago does not choose radio to be their medium , as it is antiquated .
People currently seldom listen to the radio .
Attention to radio commercials is low .
Also , radio advertisements only contain verbal effects .
Without the visual effect , it becomes less attractive .
Even though people listen to the radio advertisement of Trivago , they probably do not know how to spell the word ' Trivago ' as it is not a normal word .
It makes it hard for people to search for Trivago on the Internet .
Therefore , the product awareness driven by a radio advertisement is not enough .
Newspaper is also not a good medium , since newspapers have recently been replaced by online newspapers .
Likewise , Trivago is an online service , so a newspaper advertisement may not be appropriate for it .
Lastly , hiring a spokesperson entails high costs in promotion .
And there is a risk in hiring a spokesperson , as he may not bring an expected return for the company .
Sometimes , if there is a spokesperson in an advertisement , the audience 's focus may shift from the product to the spokesperson .
The promotional objective is difficult to achieve .
Therefore , a television commercial is likely to be the most suitable method to promote its brand in Hong Kong .
Jacob was absolutely furious when he saw what was going on outside his window .
A group of young boys was once again doing graffiti on the front of his house .
Not even a month before , he had paid a fortune to get his place refurbished and painted .
He was fed up with all this profanity .
How many times would he have to face this irreverence ?
He headed for the front door in a rage .
The moment he reached the street he started yelling at them .
Of course , they all left in a rush .
Jacob remained there bursting with rage .
While he was standing on the pavement , tears of resentment covered his face .
No one had ever responded to his demands .
He knew that among his innermost feelings there was a growing icy animosity towards human nature .
He wondered how he would react next time .
A few minutes later , his good next - door neighbour came by to help him to calm down and to collect the art weapons left over by the graffiti vandals .
Have you ever watched a game that involves people running around a field and scoring goals by kicking a ball ?
Yes , it 's football !
And it is also known to be my favourite sport .
I know that for some , playing football is boring , but for me , it 's the most awesome thing ever .
I 'm a freak when it comes to football .
I think I have watched almost all the football matches in history , especially when it was the FIFA World Cup season .
I would not sleep until the game was over .
Although I do n't play really well , I would choose it over any other sport , any day .
I enjoy playing football because the feeling you get when you are on the field is priceless .
I feel free when I 'm on the pitch .
I was told that I was a natural player when I was young .
I did n't need any coaching since my football skills came naturally .
I think that I got this from my dad and my elder brother .
Both of them are just like me , we freak out when it comes to football !
90% of our conversation involves football and we can talk all day about it for sure .
Here is some advice for anyone who is starting this sport .
Make sure you play smoothly for the first time and make sure you wear football boots when you 're playing on the pitch .
This advice is to avoid you injuring yourself as a beginner at football .
Do you have a favourite sport ?
I 've been playing tennis for 5 years now and I can assure you it 's one of the best sports any person can do !
Playing tennis means more to me than anything else .
First , whether played individually or in teams , it 's great fun and demands a lot of effort .
Winning or losing is up to you when you play singles , and you know you have to do your best to achieve the best score .
Also , I love it because it takes my mind off my worries .
It has helped me to stay focused and improve my concentration , too .
As well as that , tennis gives me the opportunity to keep fit and meet new people .
Since it 's not very easy at the beginning , if you are interested in taking up tennis you should persevere and practise at least twice a week .
Do n't forget to buy a good pair of tennis shoes and a fairly good racket .
All in all , I 've played many sports in my life , but tennis has been by far the best exercise for both my mind and my body .
I really get a lot of pleasure out of doing it .
Give it a try and you 'll see !
My hero and my villain
Do you know " The Flying Dutchman " ? I consider him as the Dutch Superman of 2013 , since he has won some important sports competitions .
Do you also know Clown Bassie ?
Well , I consider him as the meanest Dutch celebrity of this year .
" The Flying Dutchman " , also known as Epke Zonderland , is a gymnast from Groningen who was the first man worldwide to do an incredibly difficult exercise on the parallel bars .
By performing this exercise perfectly , he became the World Champion this year ( and he also won the gold medal at the Olympics of 2012 ) .
For this achievement , I admire him quite a lot .
Clown Bassie , on the other hand , is an actor in a TV programme for children .
After a live show , he made a little girl cry by shouting at her and then kicked her in the back .
Why would you treat toddlers so badly ?
To summarise , my hero of 2013 is Epke Zonderland , because of his achievements in the gym .
My villain of this year is Clown Bassie , since I think his behaviour is unacceptable !
Clearly , travelling in your own car is much more comfortable than on public transport .
For this reason , many people now believe that there is no future for public transport .
These people believe that over the next few years we will see a severe decline in the number of people using buses , trains , trams , etc . to get to places .
In my opinion , this is disappointing for a number of reasons .
First of all , public transport brings us closer to other people .
We share moments with those people using the same mode of transport as us .
Also , it is an excellent way of saving the environment .
By using public transport , we reduce our carbon footprint and help to save the Earth .
Furthermore , we also save time : as cities become bigger it becomes more and more difficult to park , which in turn leads to us wasting time looking for somewhere to park , or wasting money on expensive car parks .
In conclusion , I believe that public transport should be a necessary part of everybody 's life . We should use it every day to save the Earth , money , and time .
If you 're looking for a great film to watch on a rainy day , I totally recommend Alice in Wonderland .
It would give you all the magic of a fantasy film based on a book .
Directed by Tim Burton , the story is a retelling of the fantasy novel Alice 's Adventures in Wonderland .The film shows a young Alice troubled by a strange recurring dream , the loss of her beloved father , an unwanted marriage proposal , and the oppressive expectations of the society in which she lives .
Unsure of what to do , she chases a rabbit in a blue waistcoat , and accidentally falls into a large rabbit hole from which she emerges in a forest , where she is greeted by many strange creatures .
There Alice will start an adventure where she must slay the evil Red Queen and restore the White Queen to power .
The film features Mia Wasikowska as Alice .
With her sweet face , pale skin , and great acting , she looks perfect as a confused and brave girl who has to save that " wonderful " world .
But we must not forget about the marvelous acting of Johnny Deep ( as the mad hatter ) and Helena Bonham Carter ( as the red queen ) , without them the film would n't be the same .
But it 's not just the acting that is great in this film .
The cinematography is fantastic , with wonder digital landscapes .
But what really makes it magical is the makeup and the costume design . They really managed to create something amazing with the appearance of the characters .
Finally , the film had the great touch of Tim Burton as director .
If you enjoy a classic book , but with more action and a little bit twisted ; watch Alice in Wonderland .
I totally recommend it , you will not be disappointed .
Is science evil ?
People 's opinions on this question differ widely .
I think that science has altered our lives in a positive way .
Here are some facts to support my view .
Firstly , I should say that life nowadays would be unthinkable without science .
In the century of advancing communications and technology , it is hard to imagine the world without medicine , astronomy , computers , and history .
People today are interested in learning about the surrounding world , about new civilizations and distant planets .
Science explains to us a lot of the things that we previously were not aware of .
Without its help , for example , we would have never realized where we have come from .
It also gives us clues that there may be life on other planets and we might not be the most superior beings in the world .
By using computers nowadays , it is very convenient to find the information you are looking for .
There is no secret for human beings today , because they have explored every place on the Earth .
They climb the highest mountains , dive in the depths of the oceans , and conduct dangerous experiments and all for the sake of science .
The present belief is that scientific research will solve all problems and do away with all difficulties .
With its help , for example , people are able to cope with natural disasters .
We know how to destroy hail clouds which can cause great damage to our crops .
We are also able to protect ourselves from various diseases and help the sick .
That is why science is so important nowadays .
On the other hand , the greatness of science goes together with its disadvantages .
For example , we are obliged to agree that science has given no answer to man 's doubts .
The obsession with knowing everything has led some of us to conduct dangerous experiments for which we pay with our lives .
To conclude , I will only say that science makes our lives easier .
With its help , we cope with different situations and that is why it is so fundamental to human existence and I think is not evil .
At some time or another , each and every young person must provide themselves with the necessary skills . " What can I do with my life ? " .
When you start to consider interests and strengths , it makes sense to consider your interests first .
After all , a successful career is best measured by how satisfying you find it , and it 's easier to develop strengths and skills than to actually have to learn to find something interesting .
While we are studying , we may not think seriously about jobs .
But in a few years ' time our job will be one of the most important things in our everyday life .
When someone asks an adult " what do you do ? " ,
they nearly always reply with their occupation .
Work , for most of us , will be the defining aspect of life and , thus , of our identity .
Through our work , we find an identity , we can find status , intellectual stimulation as well as wealth , which enables us to buy comfort .
We can work out our place in the world .
Our working identities can change over time , our identity and behaviour as a young graduate are different from those of the professional expert and from those of the senior leader .
Our ability to develop our identity is crucial to our ability to be successful in a range of career roles , we need to shed our old identity and add new elements .
We each have a picture of who we are and what we will / won't do in our heads . Once formed , our brains garner the evidence that it is a true picture and ignore evidence that suggests that it is not true .
So when people say ' I do n't do numbers ' , ' I do n't do detail ' ' I do n't do preparation ' , they believe it and make it true . '
I ca n't do sales ' becomes a self - fulfilling prophecy .
We can change our beliefs , actions and thus our identity through experimentation , practice and conscious self - discipline .
In an age when career progression may lead us into new environments and sectors , it is ever more important to challenge our sense of self and explore whether you can create ' a new you ' by changing the beliefs you hold about yourself and the world , in order to develop and expand your career options .
Factors behind the decline
There are more than 200 old , abandoned , buildings in our capital city .
But most of them are about to be demolished by town planners .
This means we will lose a part of our national history .
While the fact that those buildings are not seen as worthy of preservation is an important factor , demolition is more frequently caused by a lack of public funds .
Firstly , demolition is partly caused by how valuable the old buildings are considered to be .
Old buildings often do not provide opportunities to make any money . They only cost town planners a lot of money because they probably need to be renovated .
However , even with these arguments , demolition is more frequently affected by a lack of public funds because it covers the part about the hindsight of an appropriate budget for eventually renovating as well .
With no appropriate budget it is unreasonable to keep old buildings which are useless when they are not renovated .
And on top of that , without public funds , there are too few people who show they care about the fate of historical buildings .
This might cause town planners to think there are not enough reasons to keep them .
After all , the factor with the most influence on the demolition of local buildings is the lack of public funds which make it possible to keep our old buildings , or at least a few of them , because these funds frequently accumulate money for projects like renovations .
Any form of public transport like a bus or a train is too much of an inconvenience , especially in a large city such as London .
Imagine going to work on a rainy day : you have one hand on your umbrella and the other clutching your bag , the wind is blowing mist on your face and a puddle of water is sprinkling tiny dots of wet dirt on your stilettos while you are making your way to a bus stop .
Not a good scene , is it ?
Definitely not a good way to start your day .
Indeed , the method by which a person goes from point A to point B can spell the difference between a good and a bad day .
Transportation is very important in our daily life and , in this modern world we live in , the very least that we expect from almost anything is convenience .
That is why most of us prefer to travel in our own car rather than by public transport ; not only because it keeps us within our own private sphere , it also keeps us dry when travelling on a rainy day .
Yes , we are willing to spend more in the name of convenience . We 'd rather pay a hefty price for gas than be inconvenienced on public transport .
Dear Sir ,
My name is Paula Zuidweg and I have recently graduated from high school .
Next year I will be starting the Psychology bachelor programme at the University of Groningen , and I would like to earn some money beforehand .
So , when I came across this advertisement yesterday , I found myself thinking how wonderful it would be to apply for this job .
I believe myself to be a suitable person for this job , as I am a hard - working , reliable , cheerful , fun - loving person .
When I was 15 years old , I started looking after our neighbour 's children , aged seven and nine .
Those children are too old for babysitters now , but I love children and would really like to work with them again .
I believe myself to be a proficient cook , as I 've always cooked for my family at the weekends .
When I was almost three years old , my parents moved to Indonesia because of their work circumstances .
There I went to Surabaya International School , where I learnt English .
Two years later , we moved back , but I continued speaking both Dutch and English to my parents .
I also read books in English , so I think my English is certainly good enough for this job .
My hobbies include drawing , baking cakes , and reading .
I like photography too , although I haven't been doing that for a long time .
I 'm interested in philosophy as well ; I enjoy writing essays about psychological or philosophical subjects , so every now and then I write an essay in my free time .
Thank you very much for your time . I hope you 'll consider me for this position .
I look forward to hearing from you soon .
Yours faithfully ,
P. Zuidweg
Fame and the attitude to fame have been one of the most thought - provoking topics .
Students usually find it very inspiring and engaging to discuss this issue because it is very difficult to give a clear - cut answer and so , it makes the process of discussion very exciting .
There may be a significant number of arguments which support the statement that fame is a good thing .
My personal attitude to fame is rather ambivalent .
On the one hand , I personally think that the desire to become famous is a great driving force that stimulates people and brings a lot of benefits to others in its wake .
Sportsmen are one of the most vivid examples of it .
If we take football clubs , for example , we can see that the desire to become well - known and popular makes football players very dedicated sportsmen .
They can fight against the odds to be in the top league .
It is remarkable how much stamina and spirit can be demonstrated by such sportsmen .
Their desire to be at the top contributes a lot to the fame and reputation of their clubs and countries as well .
What is equally important and adds to the importance of fame is that somebody 's desire to be famous can have a triggering effect on others .
It means that other people feel challenged and do n't want to fall behind and look like underdogs .
Without this stimulus , they might have been inactive .
On the other hand , an almost equal number of people may have a contrasting point of view .
They give examples of when the desire to become famous made people aggressive and ruthless .
Such people tried to achieve their goal irrespective of the means .
I can illustrate my words with the example of military campaigns .
The desire of some countries ' leaders to become famous and to glorify their names as great commanders brought about wars and conflicts between countries .
Hundreds and thousands of innocent people may fall victim to the insatiable desire of such fame - seeking personalities .
So , all in all , we can not answer this question with " yes " or " no " because there is an almost equal number of examples that help to support the contracting points of view .
It was midnight and Susan 's crying was muffled by her pillow .
She could n't believe that he was capable of doing such a horrendous thing .
It was seven o'clock when she got home with her arms full of grocery bags .
It was a strange atmosphere in the house and a chill went down her spine .
She brushed it off and went to the kitchen to put all the groceries on the kitchen counter .
She looked around the kitchen and saw a post - it on the fridge . '
We need to talk ' it said .
She checked the time , then decided to call Michael .
He was n't answering his phone . '
He might be busy .
He 'll call later ' , she thought .
She went to their bedroom to change her clothes and start dinner .
She wanted to surprise Michael with some delicious pasta and some rose wine .
She went down to the kitchen and proceeded with preparations , but she could n't get rid of that weird feeling . ' Something is up . I can feel it ' , so she picked up the phone and decided to call Michael again .
After three rings , he answered the phone , his breath short . '
Yeah ?
Hey baby ! '
" Hi . Where are you ? she asked , apprehension rising slowly . "
Oh , I had to finish something for work , so I 'll be late tonight . Do n't wait up ' he said and hung up .
She looked at the phone surprised and tried calling him again , but his phone was turned off .
She called his best friend and also his workmate and asked him about Michael , but he had no clue about it , so she decided to go to his office .
The ride felt like an eternity .
She parked her car a few meters away from Michael 's office and walked up to it .
She was about to open the door when she heard a female voice coming from his office .
" What are we going to do ?
This is n't something that will go away in a few months .
I 'm pregnant and we need to sort this out .
What are we going to do about Susan ? " said the unfamiliar woman .
" I do n't know . " said the familiar male voice . "
I guess we 'll just have to play this one cool , because I ca n't lose Susan .
You need to understand this . I 'll pay child support and help you with the kid , but I can not lose Susan " .
She could n't believe her ears .
Michael had been cheating on her .
Full of rage and disappointment , she opened the door and saw the woman sitting in Michael 's lap .
Michael was petrified .
Susan looked at him , then at the woman .
She could n't be more than twenty - two .
She looked at him again then turned around and left .
When she got home , she packed some of her belongings and drove to her best friend 's house .
After two hours , she could hear Michael 's voice coming from downstairs .
" I need to talk to her .
She needs to hear me out . I wo n't leave ! " .
She heard heavy footsteps on the stairs and buried her head deeper in the pillow .
Michael entered slowly and tried to approach his wife . "
Don't!"she said and threw the pillow at his face .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Respected teachers and all my friends
Good morning to one and all present here .
I am very happy to see you all once again .
I am here today to deliver a speech to you about boycotting bullying .
These days , we see written on the walls , stop bullying .
Do we know the real meaning of the word bullying ?
Bullying may be defined as the activity of repeated , aggressive behavior intended to hurt another individual , physically , mentally or emotionally .
Bullying is characterized by an individual behaving in a certain way to gain power over another person .
It can be classified into four types :
Physical ( hitting , punching , or kicking )
Verbal ( name - calling or taunting )
Relational ( destroying peer acceptance and friendships )
Cyber - bullying ( using electronic means to harm others )
Those who have been the targets of bullying can suffer from long - term emotional and behavioral problems .
Bullying can cause loneliness , depression , anxiety , and lead to low self - esteem and illnesses .
In conclusion , I would like to say that self harm , low self - esteem and bullying are all causes of destruction in our schools . We need to stop this .
We need to do something to prevent it , before it 's too late .
Now to banish bullying from our school I ask all of you to take this oath : I make a commitment to take a stand against bullying . I will treat others with respect and kindness .
I will have compassion to not be a bully and the courage to not to be a bystander .
It is my responsibility to help others being bullied and to report bullying .
Thank you
Michael was sitting on the garden bench , waiting for his mother to finish her work .
She was a machinist , and was currently working on some secret work he could n't understand .
As Michael heard the sound of breaking glass , he ran up to his mother 's office .
She was on the cold ground , lying like a dead body . Her son sat by her side , trying to wake her up .
He stopped when he saw the dark shadow walking towards him .
It was a man in his late thirties , very thin and with light grey eyes .
An evil smile was drawn on his face .
He raised his hand , which was holding a metal bar , covered in blood .
Michael had no time to scream , he was already lying on the floor by his mother 's side .
5 years later .
There he was , sitting on a bench in a garden , waiting for his mother .
But this time , he just knew she would never come .
She was not dead , but in a coma , in a hospital .
He was in the same state as her for about a week after the drama , and had to live on his own for the years that followed .
As he grew wiser and stronger , Michael still always had this hope that his mother would wake up .
But it would never happen , not anymore .
He walked up to her room , where she was comfortably sleeping in her bed .
He sat by her side , and held her hand .
Tonight , she would be gone . He had already signed the papers . His choice was made .
He took a deep breath before leaning over her and kissing her forehead softely .
Full of sorrow and pain , Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Dear Mr Beacon ,
I would like to apply for the job as a music and dance teaching assistant at your summer school as advertised in your advertisement .
I am a twenty - year - old student in my second year at National University of Culture of Ukraine .
Here I am studying dance and choreography .
Also , I can play several musical instruments , such as : violin , guitar , drums and tambourine .
Furthermore , I love children very much . The reason could be that I have three younger brothers and one younger sister , so I am the eldest one .
However , I have no experience of working with children , apart from helping my parents with my brothers and sister .
But in the dance field I have a lot of achievements , such as victories in different competitions and festivals .
I am a very active and creative person with a desire to work .
And , of course , as required , I can speak English quite well and have a certificate that shows it .
In my opinion , my candidacy is suitable enough for this job , because I am a young person that has all the required skills and a lot of energy to work .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Yours sincerely ,
Ilya Yashina
My first memories of food are from my early years , as I looked at my grandmother cooking typical Spanish dishes such as paella or tortilla .
When I was in school I used to go to my grandparents ' home to have lunch because my parents were at work . I fondly remember my grandma 's great cooking skills that she still has to this day .
She 'd cook the best tortilla , paella and all of the typical Spanish dishes that I 've ever eaten .
A few years afterwards , right when I started high school and hit my teenager years , I began eating bigger amounts of unhealthy food from American fast food restaurants that I used to go to with my friends some days right after class and during the weekends .
Those years I was very familiar with the smell of cheeseburgers , BBQ pizzas and kebabs .
By the time my high school years were done , and when I attended university , I developed a certain predilection for typical healthy Spanish food , unavoidably combined with less fast food due to the usual dinners with friends .
The main cause of that change was that I had to have breakfast , lunch and dinner in my college dorm 's dining room , which had amazingly good cooks . They 'd cook really good dishes such as cocido , garbanzos and paella .
Wonderful inventions such as the train , bus and airplane have allowed us the freedom to travel and explore this great planet for a lower price .
Industrialization gave us the ability to mass produce public transit vehicles so that everyone could be free to move .
Travelling by car may be more convenient on an individual basis but pollution is a danger we have to face .
If all of us used cars , the levels of pollution would be incredibly high .
Public institutions should encourage the use of public transport , especially trains as they use electricity and are less polluting than other means of transport .
There is a problem , though .
Prices of train tickets can be very high and they should be reduced .
Traffic is a really big problem in cities nowadays and only the use of public transport can make a significant difference to the quality of life in our cities .
If those who run public transportation systems hope to make them greener in the future , they 'll have to come up with solutions that are both energy efficient and effective .
In conclusion , I think that public transport has an important role to play if we want to preserve the quality of life in our cities .
I believe that my background is suitable for this position .
My first degree gave me a good track record in physiology and anatomy , and the experience , as a biological sciences ' student and as a research fellow , allowed me to build a scientific way of thinking .
Furthermore , I have improved my skills in molecular , biochemical , bioinformatics and microscopic techniques , and I also would like to point out my high motivation to develop expertise in stem cells and pharmaceutical research .
In addition , I am committed to science and I am a dedicated , team - oriented person , who is able to work independently .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
I am interested in an English Course on which I can learn at my own pace .
Therefore , I am writing to give you my details .
First of all , I consider it very important to learn a second language and English is a very commonly used one around the world .
I need to speak English when I travel abroad .
In addition to that , I graduated in Computer Science and there is a lot of information available in this language .
So , I need to have a good vocabulary to understand the materials I find on the Internet .
Secondly , I have been studying English for six years . I am good at reading and grammar , but I am conscious that I need to practise my speaking .
I can start the course as soon as possible and I plan to spend 6 months on it .
Finally , I have an interest in technology , the environment and science .
In my free time , I like to read books and play board games .
I am looking forward to receiving my programme of study .
Yours faithfully ,
Ana Ferreira
I live in a small village in the German region of Hesse , called Griesheim .
The city authorities have a very strict policy regarding waste disposal .
All citizens are involved in the process by organizing their waste in the corresponding bins and by making good use of the waste calendar .
Every house in the village has three containers :
- One for paper ;
- One for bio waste ; and ,
- One for waste that can not be recycled .
In addition , yellow plastic bags are provided for free to separate the plastic , cans and bricks .
The cost of the waste disposal service depends only on the volume of non - recyclable waste produced .
The yellow bags and the glass are processed at no cost , whatever the volume .
There are also public containers for glass and clothes all around the village .
Eventually , the citizen becomes part of a very meticulous recycling process by looking to the cost .
On the other hand , the city provides a punctual public transport system , which is very convenient .
This system relies on the tram .
Trams are available 24 hours and tram stops are evenly distributed ; it takes no more than 8 minutes to walk from one stop to the next one .
The bus network completes the public transport service .
Cycling is another suitable option , if the weather allows .
The city is bike friendly and bike paths are available .
Large forests and country roads , where cars are not allowed , are also part of the offer .
Jack and the great , furry waffle .
Jack was a fat , lazy guy who loved food , and he would never miss a meal .
He would only drag himself out of his house when he heard a new type of food had been created .
Jack lived with his mother , he had no job , and when she had told him to be independent , he only lasted one month before ending up in poverty .
He was really sad because the government was enforcing a law banning new types of food . This had become a huge problem because more Americans were getting diabetes .
One day , before this new law was established , a crazy scientist created a new waffle , " the great , furry waffle .
" This was an incentive for Jack to go out . He was sure that destiny had rewarded him with this blessing , because he had eaten ten hot dogs in a row , although he felt a bit sick after , he knew it was worth the try .
There was a bit of a problem in his plan : the new waffle was in Texas , and he lived in Washington .
He knew he would n't last a day in the heat , but there was nothing better than a new waffle .
He saw on his mum 's television that if he was the first person to try the waffle , he would get a bonus of a hundred bacon strips .
Jack bought a ticket for the earliest flight to Texas . Once he got off the plane , he ran through the landscape .
He liked the trend of everyone being fat in America . That way , he could fit in .
Once he got to the laboratory where the pancake was made , he told the mad scientist that he wanted to eat his waffle .
The scientist gave him " the great , furry waffle " and a lot of syrup .
Jack grabbed it and put it in his mouth . He could taste heaven in his mouth .
It was a combination of bacon , meat , and cheese with a little bit of butter .
What he did n't expect was that all the hair had gotten stuck in his throat , leaving him unable to breathe !
In a matter of seconds , he fell to the ground , choking .
Suddenly , a giant fish fell from the sky , causing him to spit out the hairball . Jack could not believe what he saw . The man riding the fish was Bugs Bunny !
Jack finally lost weight and lived happily ever after . The end .
Have you ever stopped to think that some standards exist in society that everyone knows and follows although some people do it unconsciously ?
These standards are called unwritten rules , which can be defined as unspoken rules imposed in each culture to make the population live more civilly ( Bob Greene , How Unwritten Rules Circumscribe Our Lives - Paragraph 6 ) .
In fact , since the beginning , the written rules have helped to create civilizations , while the unwritten rules have helped to maintain them , allowing life to be more harmonious .
For example , I can cite the importance of the unwritten rules in my own culture , the Brazilian culture .
There are some aspects and actions that everyone who lives in Brazil needs to follow , and those directly reflect the values of Brazilian culture .
One of the most important unwritten rules that you should follow in Brazil is related to vocal patterns .
When Olquin said that the situation and the environment define the correct tone of speech ( 1995 ) , he was talking about African American Communication , but he is also describing Brazilian communication at the same time .
Even though there is no definite consensus about the exact vocal patterns in Brazil , there are some facts about the extremes of them .
First , Brazilians feel uncomfortable when people close to them raise their tone of voice and continue speaking loudly for a long time , without having clear reasons .
It means that you want to transform the dialog into a monolog ; moreover , unknown people in the same environment as you frequently do not want to know about your thinking .
Surprisingly , on the other hand , a speech too low is seen as an antisocial rule , and can be interpreted as an offense .
In Brazilian culture , if , during a conversation , a person speaks too low , the listener will assume that the speaker does not want to continue with the dialog or does not care about what you are saying .
In both the extremes of speech , loud and low , there is a violation of the values of good communication .
Therefore , when you are in a conversation , it is important to pay attention to comply with the unwritten rules of vocal patterns successfully .
As vocal patterns are considered so important for Brazilians , personal space is another unwritten rule that it is easy to see people using on the streets daily .
When you are in a space where you feel comfortable being around other people that you do not know , this space is your personal space .
And , it can change according to your degree of familiarity or intimacy with the other person .
In some countries , like the United States , whose respect of personal space is extremely important , the public and the intimate space can vary between 25 feet and touching ( Edward T. Hall ) .
In Brazil , there is also this difference between the public and the intimate space , yet the magnitude of this is not the same as in the U.S.
Although Brazilians have a shorter personal space in comparison with the United States , they are not tolerant of strangers invading it .
So , even though the distance between people is shorter in Brazil , both countries value the idea of maintaining a space that both people feel comfortable with , called personal space .
Although Brazilians usually do not worry about distance made by others , people from different cultures believe that Brazilians spend a lot of time looking at others .
As a result , some people can make misinterpretations .
For example , in some cultures , Brazilians can be considered rude by women because they like to keep constant eye contact , and for these women , this means a lack of respect or invasion of privacy .
Differently , foreign men often believe that they are being desired due to this constant eye contact .
In general , this supposition is not regarded as true for many people in our culture , since Brazilians believe that constant eye contact is one of the most important points to maintain a good dialog .
According to the article " Nonverbal Communication : Speaking without Words " , eye contact is important because " insufficient eye contact can create communication barriers " .
In fact , in Brazil , eye contact is prime , and you will be considered to be without interest in the speaker or that the speaker is bothering you if you do not give enough attention when you are talking to them .
The source of this rule is easy to identify , especially when parents are talking to their kids ; it is hard to get the kid 's attention exclusively , but the parents insistently repeat , " look at me when I am talking to you " .
Therefore , this interaction demonstrates that eye contact can have a strong influence on the cultural values of attentiveness and respect for the others ' opinion .
After being socially judged by society , we can perceive the direct influence of unwritten rules on our cultural values when someone breaks at least one of them .
In Brazil , the social rules like vocal patterns are reflected in the communication values , which can be decisive to maintain good communication .
Also , personal space is governed by rules that vary depending on the country , and in Brazil are considered small , but everyone there appreciates this cultural value .
Eye contact is another important cultural value which is used by Brazilians , meaning respect and interest in others .
As in Brazil , each country around the world has reflections of unwritten rules in the cultural values .
Because of these varieties of values and rules , usually there are some misunderstandings between people of different nations .
Respecting these rules is the first step to understanding them and avoiding some conflicts .
In addition , you should avoid judging cultural values of other countries based on unwritten rules of your own .
It was a rainy Monday afternoon and Michael was gazing out the window thinking about his life , when he saw his friend , John , dashing along the street .
Wondering what he might be doing , Michael shouted :
- Why are you in such a hurry ?
- I 'm late for my piano lesson ! I really have to go , see you later - John replied , panting .
- Oh , okay , bye !
Michael had a chemistry test the next day , but he was n't in the mood to study and so he decided to call Alex , his best friend :
- Hey Alex !
Do you want to go out ?
-
Yeah , sure !
Where should we meet ?
- How about the cafe near our school ?
- To be perfectly honest , I do n't really like it there !
What about the one next to the shopping center ?
- Sounds great .
See you there at half past six ?
- Ok , see you later then .
Michael grabbed his coat and crept out of his house in order not to wake up his parents .
He remembered that he still had n't studied for his chemistry test .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a terrible mistake .
According to Ferguson et al ( 2013 ) , dietary nitrate ( NO3- ) supplementation , via its reduction to nitrite ( NO2- ) and subsequent conversion to nitric oxide ( NO ) , reduces blood pressure .
Bond , Morton and Braakhuis ( 2012 ) also argue that nitrate is considered a potent vasodilator .
The reason for this is that the nitric oxide relaxes blood vessels and dilates them , which helps the blood flow more easily and lowers blood pressure .
Thus , the induced vasodilation may affect both systolic and diastolic blood pressure after exercise .
Nevertheless , a study by The New England Journal of Medicine claims that only diastolic blood pressure is affected by nitrate supplement , since they did not find in their study a significant change to systolic blood pressure after nitrate supplementation in healthy volunteers .
Surprisingly , the current study has found significant changes in both systolic and diastolic blood pressure post exercise .
Thus , the investment in research into the influence of nitrate supplementation should continue , the aim of which would be to improve sports performance and improve quality of life .
In conclusion , the results of the present study indicate that supplementation of beetroot juice has no significant effect on 700 m rowing ergometer performance .
It is unquestionable that some research found significant improvements .
In this present study , however , the rowing time of the participants was not shorter than times without supplementation .
Importantly , serious changes in blood lactate levels were not found either .
It was assumed that beetroot juice would increase oxidation and would reduce lactate production .
Nevertheless , nitrate supplementation did not change the lactate level significantly .
Finally , it was confirmed that nitric oxide relaxes blood vessels , consequently reducing blood pressure .
By this action , beetroot juice may effectively protect the cardiovascular system during exercising .
Despite the present findings , more research is necessary to understand the effects of nitrate supplementation .
By this action , athletes may improve their performance as well as their quality of life .
Dear editor ,
I read your article about technology and education in the newspaper yesterday and I am writing this letter because I strongly disagree with your personal opinion about teachers and education .
Due to the fact that I am studying to become a teacher , I have some more knowledge about this subject than other people , because I am in the school classroom every day and I face the reality of it every day .
To begin with , I agree with you that technology sometimes makes the educational process easier and more pleasant in that students have no idea that they are broadening their knowledge .
Of course , I make use of a computer and projector during my daily teaching , because this is a pleasant and entertaining activity for children .
However , my objection is that interactive learning is not the only way for children to be educated .
The traditional educational process may sometimes seem to be boring and dull for children , but a teacher should be a part of this process as a guide .
Without teachers ' guidance , self - study may cause some problems for children , such as possible misunderstandings .
Networked educational content is not safe at all .
It is common for children to watch violent scenes .
So , the teacher is a necessary part of the educational process .
Nowadays , young people graduate from universities , and come up with new and innovative ideas about the educational process , and so , the tradition will be updated in the following years .
To be more precise , new educational methods promote the students ' teamwork .
In other words , students have the opportunity to discuss with their classmates in order to solve a mathematical problem in cooperation or to talk about a subject .
Furthermore , when it 's necessary , good students can help their classmates to improve themselves .
In this kind of education , the teacher is only the guide who helps students to discover the information on their own .
Furthermore , it makes children more sociable .
In contrast , interactive learning may bring some advantages , but it can also make children antisocial , because they learn on their own without the need to be in school with other people .
They do n't need to co - operate and to work as a team .
This is bad , because it will be necessary to work as team in their future job and then they will face serious communication problems .
To sum up , I am not against interactive learning and the use of technology .
My personal opinion is this it is not sufficient to cover the education process .
I think that it is efficient when there is a combination of traditional education and interactive learning .
The " Campo de Marte " sports centre
The " Campo de Marte " sports centre in Lima is the perfect place for young people who are keen on sports and for the ones who would like to take up a sport .
This is a good option , especially during the summertime .
While doing these activities , teenagers will easily make new friends and develop new skills .
Also , this is a healthy way of getting fit .
This sports centre provides a huge variety of physical activities .
One of these is athletics . "
Campo de Marte " is one of the few places in Lima where you can practise athletics professionally .
Besides , you have the chance to take part in international competitions if you stand out .
Another important activity is swimming .
You can practise it in a semi - Olympic swimming pool , which is always clean and protected against the sunlight .
However , during the winter it can be not warm enough to swim properly .
I strongly recommend young people to choose sports in which you can be part of a team .
This experience would teach you how to work with different kinds of people .
Dear Mr Wallis ,
Thank you so much for this opportunity . I am very grateful for everything .
I think English is , in fact , very important because , first of all , despite not being the most spoken language in the world , it is the official language in a large number of countries .
Most of the content produced on the internet ( 50% ) is in English and , last but not least , although learning English can be challenging and steals some of our precious time , we can see that it is also very valuable to learn and can also create many opportunities .
About the accommodation . We talked and decided that we would prefer to be with English - speaking families because of the great opportunity it is for everyone to actually test their speaking skills .
This is a once in a lifetime opportunity and I am certain that we will cherish every second of every minute there .
I was actually about to email you about the activities that are being planned .
Regarding the students ' preferences , they all love the outdoors , like parks and rivers , and they also love a good museum because of their thirst for knowledge .
All in all , anything that will keep them away from being bored and having nothing to do .
Concerning this amazing trip , I only have two questions left starting with the weather , considering your experience with the changes happening at this time of the year , and the second and last , about what type of clothes you recommend , which is of great importance primarily to our female students .
Yours sincerely
Margaret Dunn
I agree with the statement above to some extent .
On the positive side , travelling by car is more relaxinjg because you do not have to rely on others to drive for you .
Actually , you have more freedom as to which roads to choose and you can have breaks whenever you feel a need for some time off the street .
In addition , driving by yourself you are not limited by the stations you have to visit .
Going by train , for example , you need to get to the next train station and , afterwards , from the destination train station to your final destination .
Often enough , you have to rely on other services , such as buses or taxis , to reach your destination .
On the other hand , using public transportation is good for the environment because the amount of gas , electricity and other materials used is a lot lower per head .
Furthermore , you have the chance to take a nap , do some work or watch TV while you are being transported .
Moreover , you can be lucky enough to avoid big traffic jams , especially if you are taking the train .
Avoiding traffic jams , construction sites , accidents and other obstacles you may be affected by may result in a shorter amount of time spent travelling .
As a conclusion , you could say public transport will have its uses even in the future . While going by car may be more comfortable from time to time , the reasons I stated above lead me to the conclusion that public transport is necessary .
It is popularly believed that the golden era of public transportation will end soon due to the heavy use of automobiles such as cars , cabs and vans .
Public transportation modes like trains and buses have been immensely helpful to the general public throughout the past couple of decades .
On the other hand , travelling by car is getting far more popular than it ever was with the development of science and technology .
People who are based in rural and remote areas always prefer to use public transportation , according to researchers from Columbia University .
However , in some countries , public transportation is a nightmare because it has not been maintained by the governments properly . This is one of the main reasons which have led people to use personal vehicles rather than relying on public transportation .
Not only people in countries where there is poor public transportation , but also in the most developed countries , there is a great tendency to use cars instead of depending on public transportation .
Despite the fact that using cars is expensive , many people still prefer to use their own vehicles because it saves their valuable time .
Public transportation , on the other hand , takes a lot of time to travel from one location to another .
Use of high power efficiency and linear high power amplifier ( HPAs ) are growing .
Power efficiency and linearity are important factors in many applications such as cellular communication , wireless communication .
Higher power efficiency and linearity cause decreased power consumption , increased lifetime and reduction of interference channels .
The Class - E power amplifier satisfies those goals with linearity techniques .
Class - E power amplifier PAs work as a switch and can obtain , theoretically , 100% power efficiency . The Class - E power amplifier ( PA ) was introduced by Sokal in 1975 .
These PAs work as a switch and can obtain 100% Drain Efficiency , in theory .
However , in practice there are some limitations , such as switch on resistance and various power losses that prevent achieving 100% Drain Efficiency .
Secret agents have often been chosen as the main characters in stories and films , such as the James Bond ones , which managed to be really successful .
But what exactly makes spy stories so fascinating ?
There could be a lot of reasons , like the idea of living in an adventurous way or doing things in secret . But in real life , what kind of person does a secret agent have to be ?
First of all , being a spy requires special skills ; not everybody is suitable for this kind of life .
For instance , the ability to bear both physical and psychological stress is not something you can easily learn .
In the same way , a secret agent has to be able to take risks when required .
Therefore , bravery is very important : nobody needs a fearful spy .
A secret agent works undercover , so his most important quality is possessing great skill at lying .
Besides , since his work is secret , he ca n't let anybody , including family and friends , know about it .
So , although the life of secret agents may seem fascinating and exciting , it is also difficult and risky and not so simple as the one shown in films .